'Bought new from Hyundai dealer, had trouble with the transmission from day one, zero km on the clock.  Took it back 7 times in the five months I owned it.', 'On its visits to the dealer they :-', "Adjusted the cables to the transmissionChanged the transmission oil, thinking it was wrong oil from the manufacturerTook the transmission out and replaced 2nd gear synchro.  Gave it me back, then wouldn't go into 5th on the way home from the dealer.  Took it back again and demanded a new transmission be fitted as I was now fed up going back and forth to the dealer.", 'I was told Hyundai will repair the transmission as part of their warranty agreement, but will not replace it so I sold it back to the dealer at a $3,000 loss after 5 months.', 'Would I buy another Hyundai...... no.  Not any model, I am now done with the brand.', 'Would I recommend to another....... no.   I have successfully talked 16 people out of buying Hyundai and will continue to do so.', "Any car can be troublesome and many cars are, but when you buy brand new and the manufacturer disrespects your customer loyalty, that's the end for me.", 'If you still want to buy from Hyundai, test drive the car your ACTUALLY BUYING!!!!!!   I should have done this and I would have demanded it be fixed before handing over my cash.', 'Purchased in March 2013.', "lOVE MY I30 WAGON ...I have done 100km in my I30 and its still immaculate.I am due for a service, fuel great as i'm traveling 90min a day to work and usually fill up one a week.", 'Purchased in August 2018 for $12,000.00.', 'Amazing car! Feels so sporty and zippy to get where you need to go! I drive my car everyday, whether it be to and from work or just a casual weekend drive and it never misses a beat!', 'Only down fall is if you have long legs, the back seat is definitely a squeeze.', 'Purchased in October 2018 at Hyundai Dealers for $25,000.00.', "I purchased a brand new 2018 SR Premium Auto in NOV18. I had the car for 3 months/3000kms until it presented major engine failure. I'm going on almost 2 months without my vehicle, firstly they thought failed coil packs, the part took a month to arrive from Korea and fit. Once the part was fitted, it did not fix the engine cutting power/surging which was unsafe to drive. They then thought injectors were the problem which were replaced a week later and that also did not fix the issue. It took 30 days for Hyundai to determine that engine had failed and would need a replacement. A replacement engine would take 3 weeks to receive the part and fit. I've kindly asked for a replacement vehicle however the colour Polar White is not available or so they say, however other dealerships state they have stock and would ask me to pay $5000 more on top of what i had already paid for my original vehicle. The dealership i purchased the car from has failed to meet to my request & i have had nothing but mixed messages. I sourced a car for my replacement but they are advising that other Hyundai dealerships do not have to transfer stock though im completely put out with the vehicles failure. Hyundai HQ is wiping their hands of me and refuses to be even slightly helpful in my lowest of moments. I hope that none of you experience a major failure with the car because your vehicle will be butchered and your faith in the brand will be lost along the way.", 'Purchased in November 2018 at Hyundai Dealers for $33,500.00.', "I love this car, has features that are helpful like the speed camera warnings. I use the car for Ubering so fuel cost are noticeably higher. At start of refueling you can reset the mileage use per full tank, it reads around 643km but at best I get480kms. Eco mode and normal mode makes no difference so I drive in normal to get the car's full power out of it, Eco mode restricts the acceleration resulting in cars behind are tailgating at times. Otherwise would definitely recommend this car.", 'Purchased in January 2019 for $25,000.00.', "My car is used on a daily basis for  private use and I am the only driver.I haven't even done 50,000kms in my car and I am having this problem with my peeling steering wheel.My car is serviced regularly by the same mechanic.", 'Purchased in March 2014 for $22,999.00.', "I booked the vehicle into Challenger Ford Rockingham on 29th March 2019 for auto transmission repairs - I had covered myself with the extended warranty for 5 years at a cost of $1200. The vehicle was sent to Hyundai Service centre nearby and a new transmission valve body was fitted at a cost of $3000 (apparently... still awaiting paperwork to verify). The fault in the transmission remains according to Hyundai - they say they couldn't complete the repairs without a complete transmission overhaul or replacement - new transmission cost $9000 and overhaul approx $4000? - my $3000 claim under extended warranty has been totally used up - now I have a car (running very well I thought - until this major problem) with hassles and a real headache. Knowing what I know now I would never buy Hyundai, and do NOT buy extended warranty. It's all a bit of a game from where I sit. The matter is ongoing with Consumer Affairs.W Smeets", 'Purchased in November 2017 for $13,088.00.', "cost of petrol is low, fast, safe and reliable. ive had my i30 for years and i love it. its a small car but you'd be surprised what you can fit in the back. its great.", 'Purchased in July 2016.', 'My Hyundai I30 has done 45,000km and at its\' service I noticed a paint defect (see photo) on the column behind the driver\'s seat. The Hyundai dealer sent photos to Hyundai and I communicated with their Customer Care as well. Two panel beaters said the defect was due to "exteranl influences" - ? rubbing. I have driven for more than 50 years and have never had this issue before. The only thing I can guess as a possible cause was the seat belt flicking back and hitting this column when released, when the car was new.Hyundai have declined to assist me in any way. The repair will cost $150. Their attitude is disappointing as I do not feel that I have caused the defect by recklessness or lack of care.', 'Purchased in April 2016.', 'So far been loving the car. Mine is the i30 SR 2018 MANUAL. Before buying it, I test drove on 3 occasions the i30N and the Focus ST as well. My main focus was to get the engaging feeling of the manual and turbo engine, but some creature comforts and tech features. I know, they are on different leagues, but all of them have the same overall interior size and Manual gearboxes.', 'The i30N, even in comfort mode was harsh in city driving and potholes were felt through out my spine. The pops and crackles from the exhaust were a blast, though. Very fast. The Focus ST was fun, but after 30minutes, I got sick of fighting the massive torque steer, every time I went near the throttle. Also the suspension was very much for track usage. Also very fast and such a waste on mostly city driving.', 'The i30SR on the other hand was very composed and grown up, like a sleeper. If you step on, it it goes, faster than you can actually use on a real-world scenario. The suspension is firm but comfortable. The shifter is notchy on the right amount and havent been tiresome on the las 11 months of daily heavy traffic usage during rush hour. On the weekends I take it to some mountain roads and have a blast on it.Amazing all rounder. Zero complaints.', 'Purchased in May 2018.', "This is my second Hyundai i30.  My previous car was a 2011 i30 crdi, which was a great car - very reliable, great performance (the engine's in-gear acceleration was great!), but 7 years on the time had come for an update.", 'This time I decided to go for petrol rather than diesel (for reasons not related to performance), and was excited to see the release of the current generation i30.  However, I was also disappointed that Hyundai discriminates against manual transmission buyers by not providing any of the SmartSense safety suite on the manual Active models.  Nevertheless, this year I purchased a white manual Active 2.0 petrol.', "This would have to be the best equipped, most refined and comfortable car I have ever owned, with very reasonable performance, high build quality and great ergonomics.   Yes, it doesn't have quite the same in-gear acceleration as the diesel (but it's close), and it is not as economical (but still reasonable - about 7-8 km/100km around town).  It's also a very safe car, even without SmartSense, with a high level of passive safety gear as well as a reversing camera and rear parking sensors.", 'As I said, a great car for the money, and a real pleasure to drive!', 'Purchased in February 2019.', 'I use this car mostly on the weekends abd got it regularly serviced. Great value for money and love the rear sensor. Looks sleek and plenty of baggage space. Great little city car and seems to be quite fuel efficient. Have no problems with this car.', 'Purchased in June 2017 at Hyundai Dealers for $22,000.00.', 'For around $22K this is a good vehicle. Adelaide roads suck as there are metal plates just where your tyres go everywhere. I thought I would need a 4WD but the i30 does a good job generally. They say they fine-tuned the suspension for Australian conditions - seems like they probably succeeded.', 'There is lots of room inside the car - probably a bit like a car of old in one way - you feel like you are one a bench seat, not in your own cockpit. This is not to say the seats are not comfortable, they are, even the back seats are not too bad having travelled for some time sitting on them.', 'The car has good features such as the tyre pressure monitoring which has already caught a slow-leak puncture in time for me prior to a long trip. You can get some reasonable length items into the boot/car area when you lay the back and passenger front seats down. The rear-view camera is very useful for parking and plain reversing out of a park. The car has a diagnostics module that you can Bluetooth to use Hyundai apps to see all sorts of things that your vehicle is doing. The 12-month fixed cost servicing is acceptable. I am suspicious because the brake fluid changes are missing and car crews just love to invent additional things to try yo out on and get more money. They did not try it on in the first service. The 5-year warranty is good - as is the included Roadside assist.', "One thing that grates is the GPS - they don't update it very often (never in the 12 months that I have had mine) and when you get outside of larger centres like Adelaide some of the smaller roads don't exist in the GPS. You have to operate a TomTom simultaneously to get serious help at times. Another is the speedometer is out by about 8-10% and I use my TomTom to give me an accurate speedo. The interesting thing about this is that your fuel consumption looks better than it is and you are actually doing less Km than is stated - by up to 10%. Hyundai are no orphan in this regard of course. Another thing that is not winning any brownie points is the delay in the auto transmission. Sometimes when you try to move off quickly the vehicle acts like it has a flat spot and just does not move as you expect it to and what it does do normally. The mechanics say that it is what it is - but it can almost be dangerous at times and I find myself saying 'Move you slug' - or words to that effect :-). It does not do this all the time - but it can be unnerving in city driving when it chooses the wrong time to do it.", "The vehicle is very comfortable on long trips and the A/C works well. I was not that impressed with the after-sales service where I bought it from and found Reynella Hyundai to be really helpful and customer focused, so I now get it serviced there instead (I just don't get companies that don't understand customer service, especially when that is their core business - but that is the good thing about competition, eh!)", 'Cars are cars - but overall you usually need to have one, so overall I like this vehicle, it is comfortable to drive, is priced right and am not disappointed with the purchase. It is my first Hyundai anything, but at this point in its ownership cycle and my experience with it, I would probably buy another Hyundai.', 'Purchased in January 2018 at Adrian Brien Hyundai for $22,000.00.', 'Bought a base model 2009 SX 1.6 CRD manual last year with 104K on the clock. Now at 111K, and am more than happy with the car. Diesel engine is excellent! Plenty of power and overtakes with ease. Would recommend to anyone that wants a real fuel miser and spends more time on open highway and country roads than on city and suburban streets.', 'THE GOOD:Fantastic turbo diesel mated to a more than adequate 5 speed box. Great grunt and torque for such a small motor, and amazingly efficient. Gets around low 5 L/100km regularly. Pulls like a champ up hills, cruises well. Diesel clacks at high revs, as to be expected, but quiet at lower revs, even at highway speeds. Also, no DPF in this model, and has a timing chain, not a belt, so two less things to worry about going wrong.Interior well laid out. Roomy for a small hatch. I’m 193cm, and there is plenty of headroom. Rear legroom apparently decent even with front seats all the way back. Rear seats fold flat. Comfortable front seats, noticeably so on long trips. Lots of storage spaces - double space centre console, lidded compartments on dash and below stereo, two bottle holders, even bottle holders in both front doors. Air con in the glovebox is a nice touch', 'THE NOT-SO-GOOD:With all black interior, long sloping windscreen, and zero window tinting, the car is noticeably hotter inside than any other I’ve owned. Am thinking of getting windows tinted to alleviate this.Hyundai’s HALO locking system is annoying - doors lock above slow speeds, and the need to unlock them when stopped so rear passengers can get out is bloody stupid.Ground clearance isn’t great, mainly due to overhanging front bumper, have hit the front tow hook several times on rougher tracks.Handling could be better - understeering fairly prevalent when pushed too hard around bends, rear end wanders a bit over rougher surfaces.Sticky fuel door (well documented fault in this model) makes you look like a muppet at the servo going back and forth between the driver’s door and the opposite rear quarter panel.Air con could be stronger - needs to blow at fan speed 3 to be effective on hot days, and dash vents don’t angle down anywhere near enough.', 'Overall 7.5/10', 'Purchased in November 2019.', "no major issues, daily transport, cheap services haven't had to replace brakes yet. it has 180000kms on the clock. Fuel economy is 7.3l per 100kms. 5 speed is under geared a 6th gear would be great on the highway.", 'Purchased in November 2009 for $30,000.00.', 'Traded in a 2015 Ford Focus due to the known transmission issues. Was happy to stick with Ford, however they only offered $10,000 for a car which was not even 2 years old with only 19,000Ks on the clock. Hadn’t even considered an i30, however the value for money was excellent. I purchased an i30 SR which came standard with leather seats, reversing camera, climate control, Apple CarPlay, push button start etc. While this is our second family car, it’s comfortable to drive in, even long distance trips. It does use a little more fuel than what I thought it would, however nothing of major concern. I have had a few issues with the car, one being that after a software update on my phone that when using CarPlay music would “clip” and “pop”, to the point where I couldn’t use CarPlay for music and maps. Hyundai said a software update would be released soon for this, however it took nearly a year for this to be done, and in the end I ended up receiving the update from someone off the internet, which fixed the problem right away. Second issue I had was a loud rattle from the dash, which sounded like 2 parts rubbing together. Whenever I went over a speed bump, or a slight dip in the road it sounded like the dash was smashing on the windscreen and about to crack. Took the car to Hyundai and they had it for a whole day and fixed the issue. Seems like part of the dash was rubbing on a pipe which was causing the issue. Haven’t had this noise come back since. Overall it’s a fantastic car, only wished I paid the extra $2000 and had the sunroof installed. Hyundai however were excellent with their trade in on my old Focus, offering $16,000 and with a bit of haggling back and forth, I drove away with only having to pay $10,000 out of pocket for my car, which was $29,000. This also included floor mats, tinted windows, paint protection (which I would never pay for) a full tank of fuel and a $1000 gift card. Looking at trading it in soon for maybe an SUV type of car, and while I don’t like the look of the Kona, a Tuson maybe on the cards.', 'Perfect car , been driving almost  3 years now , engine condition is perfect , will worth it for your money , so highly recommend this for anyone , specially for beginners this will gonna be perfect car to learn how to drive as well , so thank you Hyundai', 'The 2017 I30 has proven to be a great little car, I get approximately 9L of fuel to every 100kms. The seats are comfy, it has great Bluetooth and steering wheel accessories. It shows you tyre pressures and has warning lights when they get low. I have only had one service so far and there was no issues. The only downfall I can point out is the GPS device, the issue with this is it does not recognise a lot of addresses, even addresses that are old and should be on there. Overall I would give it 4 stars (would be 5 if the GPS Was more efficient)', 'Good build quality and spacious cabin.  The luggage area accommodates two full suit cases and back seat accommodation is spacious for this class of car.  The cabin style is uninspiring, and the ergonomics from a driver perspective is not ideal.  This seems to be a car you sit in rather than cosseting you in the way a Golf does.  The seats are firm although reasonably supportive but I wouldn’t call it comfortable.  The massive infotainment screen seems crudely designed and whilst it does have Apple CarPlay, without SatNav, the ugly screen is in an irritating intrusion into the dashboard view.  The car has average economy, and seems below that of European hatches in this class, rarely getting below 7.5km/100 litres.  The base petrol engine in auto form is lively, coping with Australian speed limits. but don’t expect performance motoring.  Handling is second rate.  This is a car that has to be navigated cautiously through corners at the recommended speed limit otherwise expect nasty handling surprises such as a tipsy feeling and ploughing into corners or sudden body lurches.  Under heavy braking from speed the I30 has trouble maintaining a straight line. However, if you’re just after a no nonsense practical city car, then this car fulfils that remit well.  It’s curious that Hyundai can produce a performance version of this car when the base car is so wanting dynamically.', 'at the stage of life between being a girlfriend/wife then mum all in the next few years. This car is trendy, sleek and perfect for my years ahead. I go camping each year and pull a trailer plus I also have nephews car seats go in it and my partner takes in of road an on boys trips all the time. Below details may not be correct', 'I absolutely love my Hyundai i30 SR - i use this daily to get to and from work and interstate when visiting family,I have no issues - the turbo in this gets my voteit looks and feels good to drive and i highly recommend this to everyone that ask about it.', "We were looking into a medium sized car and were tossing up between the I30 and a Cruze SRIV.All i can say is i am glad i chose the I30. Its my wife's car she uses everyday for work and to run the kids around, its very comfortable, good on fuel and has plenty of space for a car this size.It is also the family car as i have a work car and we have had no issues piling in all our stuff for family holidays.One of the best things is all the storage pockets for the driver and passenger. I did have a small issue with the Apple car play but Hyundai fixed it straight away with no issues.Would have no problems recommending this car to anyone.", "Bought the car for Mrs. who liked the fixed price servicing. Turns out we got duded with that, told it was 5-years, no mention of 40,000k so gave Hyundai the flick as far as servicing went.   It's got 135,000k's and has made the weird wind up noise on start since day one.  Nothing to see here according to Hyundai.  Engine knocks when cold, gets better when hot. As a country car the brakes are excellent, pads and rotors still like new. Carpets, seats etc very poor quality, carpet shows wear even though its had mats since day 1.   Radio works like Windoze, when it feels like it.  Steering is vague to say the least, bloody awful electric system.  Engine lost the new car pep very quickly, a bit sluggish now but can still hold highway speeds OK.  Economy about 6L per 100 highway. Front end developed thump at 1500k but hasn't worsened. All springs have sagged a LOT.  Going to drive it into the ground, resale is zilch with the low cost of the new models. Would NEVER buy another Hyundai and have had success convincing family and friends to look at other makes.  I call it the mobile blind spot, but I guess all hatches are the same.", 'On Tuesday 06 November 2018 night something in the front suspension dramatically failed whilst I was driving along.', 'It is a new 2018 - I30 SR Premium with 3000kms on it andpurchased on 02 October 2018.', 'There was no warning ⚠️. It just went bang!', 'The vehicle was towed to  Hyundai as a result.', 'I have now been informed that  the front passenger  suspension has failed.', 'I am extremely concerned that the structural integrity of this vehicle is now questioned.', 'If I had been driving along the motorway at 110km the result could have been quite different.', 'For a new vehicle to have such a dramatic failure in the suspension is unacceptable.', 'All I30 owners should be made aware of the possible fault.', 'It could have caused an accident!', 'So you could be sitting on a ticking time bomb that could go off without warning like mine did.Modify message', 'I bought my 2009 i30 new. It is a 2L manual. I averaged around 500-600kms per week for the last 5 years and it is now just at around 220,000. I have maintained regular services, oil checks, tire pressure etc. so it has been well maintained over the last 10 years, but nothing crazy or out of the ordinary. It has been a great car and has taken me on epic road trips all along the east coast and inland Australia, as well as my heavy daily driving. It has been reliable and fairly low in surprise maintenance until it hit the 200,000 mark (which to me seems completely reasonable).', "A couple of fixes needed along the way:- It needed a new clutch at around the 6 year mark (maybe around 100,000). The mechanic told me it was a know fault for the clutch to wear quickly in these cars, but I am fully aware that I was never taught to drive a manual 'properly' and often rode the clutch around corners. A bad habit I have since fixed, so not sure if it can be put down to the car itself. No issues since.- The mechanics in the drivers window needed to be replaced twice. Again, I was told this is a fault in the cars.- At around 180,000 the steering wheel started to 'knock' and clunk. I have been told this is the steering column needing to be replaced and (again) this is an issue in the make of the car. Full disclosure, I haven't gotten it fixed yet, it does not appear to impact the steering, but I am aware that it is better to fix it than ignore it.", 'Once I hit the 200,000k mark the car just generally started to wear. Other than the cost to replace the steering column, the aircon has just gradually degraded and I have had two of the major pipes fixed, and now need a third under the dash replaced. These odds and ends repairs are just getting closer together and the cost is starting to cancel out the value of the car, so time for an upgrade. I would happily get the steering column fixed in the hope it would keep on rolling for another few years, but then the aircon went and a few smaller things happened, just indicating that these unexpected maintenance costs were going to just keep coming now that the car is so well used.', "I only write the issues to share what could be expected if you purchase one of these down the track. Honestly though, up to the 180,000 mark this car was an utter dream and great value for money. I'm sad to be saying goodbye.", "Our i30 is three years old with around 170000ks on her now so she gets used a lot..The front seats used to be comfortable but now are just about unbearable Im looking at fitting a couple of after market seats or retro fitting higher level i30 seats from a wrecker,the stereo has just died and I was informed the stereo only has 3 years warranty......No five year warranty there. must be in the fine print...The clutch developed a vibration which was bad....New clutch fitted..3000 plus dollars...not covered by warranty either apparently clutches are treated like brake pads....though I've never had a clutch go bad so quick after all shes not a truck and doing hard work and the kilometers are all highway no stop start driving...and I'm to old to be a hoon.....The five year warranty is pie in the sky in my opinion same as the unlimited kilometers...after 120000 ks Hyundai treat their vehicles as high mileage machines...", 'I bought this car brand new in 2016. It’s great little car with lots of boot space and leg rooms. But not enough power and torque!! On the highway and up the hill with 3 adults on board this car really short of breath! And the road noise from the tyre is little annoying. Apart from this two issues, it’s a fantastic car.', 'We purchased the 2014 model of this car a few weeks ago and so far love it. We mainly use it for town driving, but occasionally take longer jaunts out to the coast. It handles well on windy roads. It is pretty fuel efficient as well, although there are better (smaller) cars out there with better fuel efficiency. Overall, its comfortable and reliable.', 'I love my i30, great price for a small car. I got my i30 in 2015 and have no problems. I use my car every day to commuting to work and for Leslie’s activities on the weekends. Cheap to run & comes with 5 year warranty and cap servicing. Would highly recommend the i30.', '74 y/old pensioner, use it around town. Pulled up at lights, and while waiting, heard a slight klunk, klunk from the motor. Went around the corner to my service place and asked the lads to check it out. Walked home. got phone call 5 hours later, called back and this is what I found. The slipper bearings at number 3  piston had collapsed. Five grand for a motor, (incl.) labour.. I WILL be in touch MR. HYUNDAI.', 'November 28th 2018 Update: Further on the diesel Hyundai i30 with the destroyed crankshaft, conrod, and bearings.', 'I wrote Hyundai in Sydney, they are SO arrogant to customers, they didn`t even answer my letter, just returned my camera card with a plain piece of paper. I wrote Slater & Gordon (allegedly the toughest in the business.) Same result as from Huyndai. Dunno where to go next. I`m telling Australia this to let you all know of the power of multi national cockheads, who come here, sell us their Korean KRAP, and treat us all like trash.   Fred Harbas.', 'January 6th 2019 Update: Continuation of my experience with Hyundai', 'It has become the joy of my 74 years to know that almost 5000 people have read my review, and I KNOW that the way I was treated by the company has turned many folk off this marque.I have lost $5000 in rectifying their factory fault, but i`m sure that their loss is much greater', 'I purchased this car as my first ever car. It is smooth, reliable and very durable for a first-time car owner. This car has never given me issues. The interior is next level for a 2013 model. I use this car everyday, and no issues have been presented thus far.', "Purchased a new 2018 Hyundai I30, not four months old yet. Washing it the other day I noticed a crack in the plastic surround in the handle of the tailgate. Rang the dealer where I purchased it, Lakes Hyundai, Qld. Was told that I would have to bring it in and have it looked at to see if it was covered by warranty. If it was, I would then have to wait until they got the part, then go back to have it fitted. Trip to Lakes Hyundai from my home one hour. Rang another Hyundai dealer, this one told me that the same plastic surround was cracking on a lot of 2018 I30'S and they might recall them for this. Not good all around, part should be purchased by the dealer straight away and fitted by them when they get it. When I told a person at Lakes Hyundai that I was an hour away from the dealership he told me that I should look for a closer dealer.  What does the five year warranty really cover.", "We purchased the car due to needing a runabout rather than rely on the family vehicle. We haven't been disappointed. Cheap on fuel, travels well. Suits the drops offs and pick ups along with taking the kids to their after school and weekend activities. Nothing but praise. Enjoy the experience.", 'I bought a diesel i30 wagon after a few friends recommended one. I wasn’t disappointed. I’ve now had it for 4 and a half years and done 100K km. The servicing is so cheap. The stock brakes even lasted until the 75K km service.It was so great that my wife also bought thehatvhbaxk version the following year', 'I bought my i30 in 2013. It has driven so smooth since and I havent really had any huge problems with the car itself except to make sure my seat is up the highest it will go as Im very small and have to really stretch my neck to check my blind spots. (I think I would have this issue in most cars). Its also super comfy. I drive about 35-45 minutes to work daily and never feel crammed climbing out the car.', 'Have owned the car second hand for about 1.5yrs. So far the car has been incredible. Whilst being a cheaper car to purchase, the quality seems to be very good still. Previous Hyundai models and some later i20s struggled with poor manufacturing but this model has been fantastic.', 'Handles, visors seats etc all are very durable and have shown no signs of failing. Fuel efficiency is also great with about 7.5L/100kms', 'This would have been one of the first GD SERIES sold in Australia. After 73,000 kms the i30 Elite has been very reliable. Feels reasonably solid and only just replaced the battery after 6 years. Still on same brakes and tyres, so very low maintenance and goes easy on itself for long life. Wheel alignment has held perfect so far and only rotate the tyres at each service. The interior is very well made and looks like high quality materials have been used throughout.', 'Okay now to the things I hate. The ride quality is probably the worst I have ever driven. Too brittle over every road surface and jars on anything but the smoothest of roads. You really cringe when you know what you see ahead is going to bang on the suspension going on underneath. This would be the reason for me selling this car... it’s horrible. It’s not even though this ride gives any benefit to handling either because it doesn’t. The tyres are not even low profile. One can only image what the premium model ride handling would be like.', 'Tyre noise. Loud is the word when out in the country. Although this seems to be the case for most hatches with a Golf being the exception.', 'Infotainment system. It was fine till around the 5th year then lost touch accuracy. Took it back and they replaced with a new unit and put latest maps onboard. However now it takes about 5 mins from startup to be able to access the navigator. Feels like a windows 98 speed celeron processor start time. Yuk.', 'Wierd start up noises. After reading so many forums tried to many times to get addressed at dealer but always “no fault found”. If car is parked overnight you get a strange wind up sound after starting. If car is restarted after only 5-10mins the timing chain rattle is prominent until oil spreads through the engine.', 'Centre console creaking. In summer the silver trims on the centre console creak with the heat in the car.', 'Engine. The 1.8 is gutless. It’s probably the fault of the 6 speed auto which is calibrated to get to top gear as soon as possible for fuel economy. However this necessity to push harder to hold gears longer means urban fuel use is 9.4L per 100. Country use is fine at low 6’s however.', 'Would I buy another Hyundai? Probably not. I think Mazda, Honda and Toyota have better resolved ride handling, interior quality but not as well specified and priced as Hyundai. Not sure how much better the new PD is but will probably move to a new brand whenever I move on. Mind you, that is not happening any time soon.', 'i30 Petrol wagin is a very good make but I wish it had bit more juice under the bonnet. The engine of 1.6L is just a touch low in the grunt. I wish, it was 2.0L.  Otherwise, it has great electronics and good fuel consumption at about 8.5L/100km in urban!I wonder how Hyundai will compete with next version of Corolla!', "Performance:- Not bad for a 1.8L hatchback, very smooth transmission means there's always a decent amount of power available- Fuel efficiency is fantastic - usually get around 7L/100km", 'Interior:- Stylish and modern (in my opinion)- Cabin noise is fairly quiet- Apple CarPlay / Android Auto is awesome, really useful feature', "Reliability + Running Costs:- Cheap, fixed-price servicing- Doesn't require more expensive petrol (i.e. 93 Octane)", 'Purchased car second hand from a mechanic in 2015, it was 2 years old with 115,000ks on it, full service history. Within first year, two major re calls.. The car is great on fuel, 1.6l Turbo Diesel . by 2018 (car is 6 yrs old and only done 150,000ks.. the trans has gone completely... Full replacement is over 3k!!! Issue after issue with the car, only good thing about it is the boot space and the fuel economy. It makes me question how safe they are if the trans can blow driving on the freeway at 60ks...', "Rented this on a recent trip to Brisbane - Wowo I loved it. Boy has this brand come along since I was a kid and they are getting into the performance side of things with the N series too now which are rivalling VW Golf. I really couldn't fault the car in any way - perhaps finish quality on some of the internal surfaces if you pushed me but it was not a problem. Mine was an auto an it was getting under 6l per100kms on the freeway - outstanding!", "Previously had a Getz which I loved but upgraded to an i30 Special Edition, 3 door hatch, 6 speed manual in 2013. Only paid $14,000 as I received a $5,000 trade in for my Getz.  This car was made in the Czech Republic and came with quite a few extras that my partner's i30 diesel didn't have, like the Bluetooth automatic answering of your phone. It's also a simple procedure to pair other peoples phones with the stereo should you need to do that.  Love everything about 'my baby'.  She does around 600km to a full tank, is exceptionally quiet to drive.  Sometimes my partner comments on whether the engine is actually running.   There is plenty of boot space for the shopping and heaps more if you collapse the seats.  Came with a spare alloy tyre which was a bonus.  Considering it is a 3 door, she has plenty of room in the back for passengers, where my partner's i30 is quite cramped.  It is quite a 'wide' car but very easy to park.  The only drawback and I mean it's only minor, is that because it's a 2 door, the doors are quite a lot bigger than the average 4 door so I have to be careful when opening the doors and have to warn any passengers that they need to make sure they have enough room to get in and out the car.  There is plenty of storage space, a/c in the glove box which I find novel, and good storage under the mat in the hatch.  Plus the rear parking sensors are a bonus and such a help.  I cannot find one thing to complain about with this car.  I am extremely happy with it and if I ever need to buy another car, it will most certainly be an i30.", 'Our 3rd Hyundai in a row, no issues with the previous two over 9 years and not expecting any from this one.', 'Surprisingly comfortable car, close to our previous i40 in terms of ride comfort, kids have no problem falling asleep in the back and plenty of adjustment in the seats', 'Economy is good, close to the claimed figures', 'Smart cruise works well as does everything in the cabin.', "Only negatives are- DCT transmission is a little jerky when trying to travel slowly, (e.g. going slow up our driveway) If not trying to crawl away slowly the transmission is fine and changes smoothly and quickly normally- Lane assist struggles driving in to setting sun or on roads that haven't been recently marked, turn it off unless on a motorway- memory settings on the drivers seat would be useful", "We bought the Hyundai i30 a few years ago and we love it.  It's spacious, has great features (such as rear parking sensors), bluetooth, auto lock and substantial boot space.  Running costs are efficient and servicing is also pretty affordable. We are looking to buy another Hyundai in the future.", 'Have had Hyundai for the last two cars the Getz and then the Santa Fe ... I trust Hyundai as to their quality and the Hyundai i30 Go is a little gem, very happy with the fuel consumption and the way it handles. Lots of room for the three of us plus luggage.', 'Positives:Hatchback is awesome. Use this car at the drive ins and reverse to have rear of car to screen. Also great when loading car with big items.Comfy chairs for driver and passengersAutolock doors driving greater than 20kms.Touch screen radio.Power steering. When hubby borrows car he likes to change up the steeringto suit him.Cup holders galore not that you should drink coffee while driving.Sunglasses compartment. The greatest.Glove box is amazing. I can fit an entire tissue box in there and the other box near your elbow when you drive. Also fits a tissue box and so much snacks!Big as spare tyre compartment without compromising on boot space.', "Negatives:I drive manual. Owned this for 2 years now and the gear stick is stiffer hopefully will resolve after service due for a service soon.Really loud weird noise kind of like winding squeal when taking off in 1st gear and changing from end gear to third gear when going up a hill. Had it serviced and everytime the mechanic couldn't get rid of noise but car still works fine.Man do you need to force to close the doors to make sure they actually close.", 'I was pleasantly surprised by the good headroom and leg room for my 185 cm frame. Its interior is well set out. It took a bit of getting used to the number of lights on the steering wheel first time i drove at night, but they are useful. The ride is quite comfortable. The trip computer fitted is a useful addition', 'Bought brand new in 2016 and paid $25,000 , felt a bit ripped off at the time by John Hughes sales guy but the servicing and car has been exceptional. Love having my iPhone connected to the display screen for calls and gps mapping. Has all the extra features which I need as a sales rep on the road.', 'Purchased the i30 SR with sunroof in July 2017. What a fantastic car. Looks good. Runs great. Highly recommend if you are after a small car. Very cheap to run and get approximately 600kms to a full tank of petrol. The interior looks great. The GPS and in car software is very easy to use. Also has wireless charging for phones - how convenient no cords', 'I bought the Hyundai i30 new and have owned it for two years now. 5-year warranty and fixed price servicing were the strong buying points for me. The car is smooth and responsive. Reasonably economical and very comfortable. It has everything you need in a small car. Fuel averages around 7.2l per 100klm.', 'After searching high and low for my next car I can say that nothing could get near the i30 in this category. Even at the "Active" spec, the features crammed into the car are amazing. It drives really well, just enough get up and go for normal driving. I do a 100km round trip to work and its made it a much better experience. Great on fuel, full of tech and plenty of space for me, even at 6\'2". Family love it too.', 'Bought my SR as a demo 12 months ago. Came out of a turbo diesel European car. Am very happy with my hyundai. Has all options I was seeking. Great service and insurance prices compared to what I was paying. Only thing I miss is sometimes lacks power. My cruise control is playing up (turns off) and plug and play over last 12 months has become sluggish but hoping these can be rectified. Overall very happy with car. Stylish and practical. Interior roomy. Visually good and easy to park. Love my sunroof. Would definitely recommend this car.  Dealership were great, easy to deal with and no sales pressure.', 'Update at January 2019Cruise control cannot be fixed - to me it’s not really a cruise control. If going down hills on slight decline it turns itself off. My old car did not do this. Service tells me this is how cruise control works, not many cars will brake and hold the speed. My European car did.Plug and play is working much better since an update. Seems whenever apple changes iOS then Hyundai need to update their system and in turn we need to get ours updated or you have issues with it.Still happy with my car for price and functionality.', 'Last car was a Ford Focus which I lovedBefore that had an alpha RomeoThis is the best car so farThe i30 SR is a wonderful fun carIt has plenty of acceleration but is also full of sensible and useful optionsAnd the 5 year warranty is the deal clincher', 'This is a comfortable, economical and reliable car. It drives like a bigger car, it is safe with five airbags and yet the running costs are very low. Will buy another one soon to upgrade it, would have no hesitation to buy it again.It has a lot of leg room and fits five adults comfortably.', 'My 2014 i30 has a really great interior. I find the firm seats comfortable but some people do not.It has heaps of great accessories and multimedia tools, and there’s nothing else I would need on the interior apart from maybe GPS, but I always use my phone for that anyway.My biggest issue is more the drive. It’s smooth, but since it’s only a 1.8L V4, it’s not as powerful or as quick as I would like my next car to be.Handles corners pretty well though.', 'This car drives like a dream!This is my second time owning an i30 and soon to be the third!I’ve updated every 2 years. Incredible drive, so much power and so much out of a tank!Quiet drive. Beautiful looking inside and out! So many features!Love the spacious interior, but the small looking exterior. Size is very deceiving!Never had anything wrong with my i30’s in the past 5 years. I get it serviced from the dealership once a year and they include road side assist for doing so! Win, win.Beautiful car! Worth the money!', "I bought this second hand and have been extremely happy with the fuel economy. It's relatively cheap to fill and a full tank seems to last ages. It's the first diesel car we have owned and we love it. It's very comfortable and the dashboard is really sporty. There's plenty of room in the boot and the rear seats fold totally flat so you can fit a lot in if you need to!", "Absolutely love this car. Have decided I will keep it until it dies. Fantastic fuel economy and has excellence take off and breaking capacity, I have never felt unsafe in this car. It feels like it hugs the road when you drive it. Not noisy and very comfortable for the driver - can't honestly say about passengers though.", 'Excellent space in the boot plus back seat can be folded down flat. I have shown lots of people how to get their seats flat that also have the i30 and they all love the car even more when they find that out.  Most hilarious thing is that there is an A/C in the glove compartment... mmm love me a cold manual.', 'Has all the basic connectivity for audio which is super handy.  Honestly love this car so much, just perfect.', 'After dealing with a terrible second hand car buying this car was the best decision I have ever made in my life. It is extremely reliable with 5 years of warranty and 10 years roadside assist, it is very economical and has outstanding features such as the ability to record the radio, bluetooth, reverse beep and camera', 'This is an amazing car. Great on fuel, maybe fill up once every 2 weeks or so.Very comfortable and the accessories such as the large touch display is amazing! And it connects with my iPhone and shows the apps I can use.Nifty little car, will definitely be getting another Hyundai for my next car.', "I have had my car since February 2009 and it's a great car. I've traveled 135,000km in my car and the fuel economy is fantastic. I drove from Sydney to Melbourne on ONE tank of fuel numerous times. The turbo diesel engine is coupled well with the manual transmission which enables superior performance and great handling.The only reason I haven't given the i30 5 stars is because of the headlights.  I've had ongoing issues with my headlights blowing, on average, every 6 months. Apparently, it is a known problem in the older models but the new models have LED lights so it's probably not an issue now.Great value for money and a very reliable car. It hasn't broken down on me and the service prices at Hyundai are very reasonable.", 'I bought the i30SR after being surprisingly disappointed with the Mazda 3 SP25.', 'The level of kit in thei30 is pretty much on a par with the SP25 GT. And the i30 made me smile compared to the SP25 lack of raising even a slight grin.', 'I’ve had the car since Easter ( 2018 build) and whilst overall I’m happy with it, there are a few niggles.', 'Since picking up the car I’ve done mostly city driving and 1 longer trip to the blue mountains.', 'The niggles are:', '1) from warm ( ie left for about an hour) the car has struggled to start instantly upon pressing the start button.... i30 forum has a page on starting problems.... seems like a software issue. No faults codes so the dealer is struggling to duplicate the issue.2) durability of the leather.  Are the seats all leather, I have my doubts as the drivers seat bolster looked worn after just 600kms - drivers seat being replaced 6/6/18.3) rear camera is blurry.... seem to be a common complaint', 'The positives are that 2018 i30 is pretty spacious. It’s very well equipped and the adaptive cruise control is great although you still need to keep your whits about you. The chimes and warnings keep you alert too. Apple car play is fab. Easy Bluetooth set up is great. Auto link is a good tool. Technology wise.... the i30 is pretty much fully loaded and probably class leading.', 'I wish it had one touch windows ( up and down)', 'Dealer is polite and helpful although sometimes it would be nice to speak to the mechanic... especially regarding issue 1 above.', 'In summary, the i30 SR is amazing value. It’s VERY well specced. Styling is very european and VW Golf-esque.... build quality is more 2010 Ford Focus though', 'I bought this car very quickly as my car died on me and I desperately  needed a car quickly, I was so amazed at the fuel efficiency and the smoothness of the Drive, not to mention all the extra luxury like Bluetooth and reverse camera . An absolute delight to drive i love getting in my car every day it is perfect.', "Overall, probably one of the best cars in it's price range, but it's not perfect.Good design, spacious, great boot space and flexibility (flat seats, boot lip etc).Seats are comfortable, although the quality of the leather isn't the best, and some of the plastics are a bit cheap.Feels solid to drive and handling is really good and up there against cars that are priced well above.Features and inclusions are also well above a car in this price range - you get a lot of bang for your buck IMO.The engine handles well and has got some grunt (1.6L turbo), but with about a 1-sec delay, and pretty harsh noise as per most Hyundai's.", 'However, there are the same few Hyundai things that let it down. The leather wears over time, and the ventilation holes mean that any spills or liquids drip in and are near impossible to get out.The paint work isn\'t perfect - the driver side isn\'t blended well, and the driver door almost looks a different shading on a certain angle / light.The technology isn\'t glitch free, and given the amount of autonomous and safety features, is a bit concerning.I had the car for 4 weeks, and was in a rear-end collision.Before you judge my driving - I tend to drive like a grandpa, always leave a decent gap in front - about 3 seconds or more, and I\'ve never had any accident as I drive calmy and to the conditions.What happened? I was driving on the freeway with the adaptive cruise-control on, and car was travelling at about 77km/hr (it slowed to traffic, maintaining distance from car infront) but traffic starts to slows up quickly (Montague St turnoff on West Gate, the usual thing). I apply the breaks but the car still freaks out and the Autonomous Emergency Braking kicks in without any warning immediately locking the wheels in the 2nd lane of the freeway, leaving a 8-10 metre gap between me and the car in front - no chance of a front collision. Of course dropping from 80 - 0 in about 2 seconds, the car behind goes right into me. Thankfully he was quite far behind me so was able to slow up a lot, but it still damaged most of the rear of the car as the breaks had locked up to avoid me rolling.I had the car fully repaired under insurance (thankfully not deemed \'at fault\'). Got my car back, and a few days later, a similar thing happens - this time on a local road, when the traffic stops at the traffic lights which just went red (big intersection so they decided to stop rather than try to race through). I was just about to break within a milisecond of the car in front stopping and had plenty of distance, but the car intervened anyway. Thankfully this time, nobody was behind me but I practically stopped in the middle of the road, way behind the cars infront. I reported it to my local Hyundai dealer as a possible fault. They couldn\'t provide much of an explanation but to reduce the alert settings to \'Late\'. This seems to have fixed this issue, but why is the \'Default\' setting so sensitive in the first place? It\'s almost as if on my car, \'Late\' is the default\' and the \'Default\' is more of an \'Early\'.The second issue I\'ve been having is with my Blind Spot Monitor. Even when the car has just been cleaned, the Blind Spot Monitor stops working after approx. 1 hour of driving, with an error saying "Radar blocked. Blind Spot disabled". It does every time I drive more than 1 hour in a day, regardless of weather, traffic, and if the car is clean. The next day, it\'ll work again.It also picks up random things in the blind spot like poles, traffic lights etc, and sometimes beeps when changing lanes and there is nothing even there - just a clear open lane.Will be another thing I mention when I take it back to the dealer - but they act like I\'m stupid when I\'m telling them.. because well, these things just shouldn\'t be an issue..', 'Was looking to upgrade, had a good run with Honda\'s but nothing really inspired there, tried the HRV, good space but a bit dull, civic RS looks a bit...out there fro me, too many angles and fake vents. Really like the golf, but won\'t buy VW after their dieselgate saga and reliability issues - friend/family experience has put me off totally. Tried the Kia sportage, but diesel is the best motor, and not so good for mostly city driving. Tried the Kona, very nice but some features we wanted were not available. So drove the i30sr, premium, ticked just about all the boxes, except we were thinking SUV, but re-thought that after driving the i30, do we really need to sit higher and pay more for the privilege, and more boot space in the i30. The SR is really good to drive, great torque, steering and balance, so many features, great finish, reasonable servicing costs, 10yr roadside and 10yr map updates. It has all the tech and it works well, info screen clear and easy to read. Fuel economy using 91RON sitting at 8.1/100 mostly city driving after 2,500kms with some quick squirts, its hard not too, its fun. Once you\'ve driven these small petrol turbo "high torque at low rpm" motors its hard to look at anything else. You can feel the local suspension and steering improvements, this all works very well on our chopped up roads and manhole covers. This is my first Hyundai so will see how it goes long term, but 5 yr warranty helps show the confidence they have in the car, the dealer experience was quite good. lots of friends now have Korean cars with pretty much unanimous satisfaction. Hyundai have done a good job with this new i30, Korean cars are trying the hardest to deliver at the moment, don\'t usually give 5 stars, but thus far the car is excellent, it does what it says on the box and we are very happy with the purchase.A year plus on, 20k kms, using 91 fuel, still averaging 7.8l/100 combined, 6.5 hwy, no issues, suspension working nicely on very mixed surfaces, tires wearing ok, brakes are excellent, no regrets.', 'Purchased in February 2018 for $33,000.00.', 'Good:-cheap to service-comfortable-boot size reasonable-reasonably priced car-had all the bells and whistles (push button start, sat nav, auto wipers and lights etc)', 'Bad:-fuel economy not the best (530kms around town and 580kms max on highway up to Cairns-expected better on the open road)-harsh motor noise under hard acceleration (sounds like it’s on your lap)-paint quality poor', 'Overall a good car but was nothing to get overly excited about, we sold it last month for a new Kona for the misses', 'Bought this car for a family of 4, fits so much in! very spacious, sat nav is great, massive boot! Drives very smoothly and love the fact that the keys can stay in your bag the entire time and everything is push button. Would defiantly recommend for anyone! The only note would be that only a small person will fit in the middle seat with 2 car seats.', 'I love how modern it feels with the best technology. With The reverseing camera and sensors, the hands free for your phone, blue toothe connectivity, hard drive to store music on, airbags, you feel like you have a premium car at such a reasonable price. Also a lot of boot room in the hatch', 'Brand is amazingServicing is a little expensive but most of the time they do a really good jobPertrol usuage is fantastic a whole tank lasts me over a weekLove the Bluetooth option to be able to answer the phoneHandles really well has a great safety rating', "Was very happy with my 2015 I30 ACTIVE X  ,so purchased the the latest model i30 active (active x no longer available ) At first was impressed with the new added features ,but i neglected to notice that Hyundai has actually sacrificed some of the quality from the older model ,maybe to subsidise the new bells and whistles .Probably anyone that hasn't had older model i30 would be completely happy but if you are interested in the new model ,if you can compare the older models  first .Too many features to list but one glaring downgrade is the reversing camera .Was told by two different dealers  that it is a different camera used this time. The clarity  compared to previous one is terrible ,especially at night .Compared my camera in my car to other models in the yards of 2 dealers and they are all the same.Was told by both dealers Hyundai have in fact sacrificed some quality from older models for the new models .Queried this with  head office in Sydney ,very different story  from the customer support person who said go back to service dept. ,but the response from dealership was to confirm what i suspected and that i will eventually get used to it ,sorry can't help you.", "I recently purchased this car for my business. I was hesitant to buy a Hyundai car as I have always drove a Corolla, but I don't regret the decision at all. The car is smooth to drive and has good space for a Hatch back car. The service and dealer was fantastic. I would recommend it if someone is keen to go for a medium car and has limited budget.", 'I purchased my i30 mid January, i did look at the i30 a few years ago but they were a bit boring on the inside this has now changed, i purchased the premium in the diesel, having only had the vehicle 6 weeks im very happy with my purchase.  The torque of the engine and the smooth gear changes are great, the navigation system is easy to use. The economy so far is around 5.2lts to 100km, last fill i did 1042km with 80km showing to empty this is a combination of both city and highway (motorway) driving. The vehicle is great to drive. The only negatives i really could think of if your tall the sun roof comes down slightly by a few inches on each side i am 6, 3 and dont have any problems. Unlike the sr this vehicle comes with a full spare wheel. The lane assist the the cruise control that keeps a distance 1 to 4 car lengths from the vehicle ahead is great.', "We were very excited to be buying our first ever brand new car. What a mistake. We had some initial problems, steering column, radio not working which required a major day at the mechanic. These were within the first 6 months of having it (so was under warranty, but seriously major problems so early on, really??) Since then it has been okay, but now the clutch and gearbox both need replacing. These things do happen but  we have had other vehicles over the years and none of them have skipped a beat. Will never by a Hyundai again and probably won't waste our time with brand new either. Such a shame, I don't like to leave a negative review but a car is a major purchase so I feel it is necessary on this occasion.", 'I have the SR variant with turbo engine. I am still getting used to the Dual Cluth Transmission as I have only ever driven fully automatic cars. The tyres are very noisy at high speeds too.The interior is comfortable. Leather seats, glasses holder and dual zone climate control are my favourite features. Boot space is ample.', 'DO NOT WISH TO SHARE MY INVOICE DETAILS', 'We have been sold a car with panel damage and now the front of the car is 2 different colours.3 and a half months on Hyundai’s so called customer service are forcing me to resolve this in V-Cat.', 'The initial problem was panel damage in the front grille that I was told by the dealer that they had many new i30’s with the same issue, so be careful if you are buying a i30.', 'PATHETIC CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!', 'The Hyundai i30 is a great little hatchback that for the money has many features packed in. Android auto, Apple carplay, Cruise control, Electronic folding mirrors leather seats and has heaps on storage for a small car. I fits the whole family with room to spare (my family has 2 adults and 2 kids). Would buy again!!', '2nd owner of 2010 i30cw Wagon, Auto 2.0 Petrol. Had only done 27000km when I bought it. Bought in 2015. Initially liked the performance, smooth ride, quiet. Comfortable. Plenty of leg room. Great wagon space. Car has now done 70000km. Within the first 10000 km started to notice faults.', '1. Steering wheel not quite straight when travelling straight on flat road. Looks slightly as though turning right. Have had wheel alignment done and they did fix problem at my local Tyre-Right, but have had this done every 10000 km since bought car.', '2. At 34000km noticed slight fault that I picked up. Acceleration and gear changes began to get qwerky. Felt the problem weekly, then at 36000km, daily. At 37000km transmission an absolute nightmare to drive. Took car to numerous places. Initially the Hyundai Dealership, a transmission workshop, another Service centre to get 2nd and 3rd opinions. In the end scary drive back to Hyundai Dealership. Car sitting there for 4-5 weeks trying to confirm if able to be fixed under warranty.  END RESULT....NO WARRANTY. Had to get it fixed myself.', "3. Using the power window buttons on drivers side to put the passenger window up. Doesn't work. Spasmodic, works less and less. On list to fix.", '4. Washing car, rear hatch leaks, a lot. Obviously not sealing.', '5. The petrol door refuses to open. Fully extending lever. Try multiple times when at service station. Becoming embarrassing as it takes awhile. Back and forth from lever to door to try to pop it open. Have driven off in disgust many times.', '6. Central rear view mirror, peeling and bubbling.', '7. Left sun visor, the mirror falling out. Have had to glue it in.', '8. Chrome cover on gear knob blistered and peeled. Had to replace as it was sharp and cut in my hand when changing gears.', "Most of these faults I've seen other i30cw Wagon owners complain about. None of them are a one off. Car now only at 70000km. Not happy at all.", "This car is an all round bottler.  It's got good acceleration for a 4 cylinder engine.  It's great to drive, easy to park and good on fuel.  I was quite surprised by the additional features that come as standard on the Trophy edition.  When this one get's a bit older, I'll definitely upgrade to a later model.", 'Traded in an old (and loved) XR6 as I’m now doing more travel to work (80km per day) - don’t really notice the i30 as being that much smaller inside, it fits two car seats in the back with ease. Side by side with the old XR6, not that huge a difference.', 'Likes - leather seats with good side bolstering, sat nav and map system are excellent, cruise control easy to use, adaptive cruise excellent, tyre pressure monitor is great, sport mode is great, great speed off the mark, plenty of guts when overtaking, bluetooth very good, phone calls easy and loud enough, apple car play works as advertised, electric handbrake adds to space and premium feel, like that the infotainment screen sits high on the dash so not looking down, infotainment with speed indicator and traffic alerts is a real asset, brakes fine, fuel economy as advertised, handling fine, internal storage good, hard plastics can live with, 18inch wheels look great, can use 91ULP, buying process with Hyundai was really good also. To date (6 months) have had zero mechanical issues.', 'Dislikes - reverse camera a bit blurry, ride can be a bit jerky up to 60kmh (not as smooth as a VW Golf), would have got a different colour instead of white (silver would look better), would like back support for the driver seat, Digital radio doesn’t work in Newcastle, not the most quiet with road noise.', 'I’d definitely recommend one though. Paid $28k drive away, when the same spec level Golf would have been $37k. Easy choice. Golf drives slightly better and has a slightly more premium feel. Pretty close run though, another generation and they’ll likely be on par...', "First hyundai I've bought. Totally happy with it. Sure it's not a mercedes but everything works as it should and the styling is pretty good actually. I love the reverse camera so much. It's such a great feature. Bluetooth works great for my phone/music. I love the extra things like cruise control, rear window wiper. No dramas or issues with anything so far. 5 year warranty. Engine performance is so much better than an i20. Downsides are: no cd player (yes I'm old school) and the buttons to control your phone are in the middle console, not on the steering wheel.", 'Purchased a 2013 i30 Trophy from Pickles Auctions for a fixed price. Very well built with 5 star ANCAP safety rating, numerous air bags. This model comes with dual climate control , GPS, reverse camera and the door handles light up when in the vicinity of the car. Great to drive, awesome on petrol. Plenty of room for 5 adults, it is deceptively big especially big enough boot space for a pram. No regrets, very happy', "After having a really bad experience with another car brand and poor customer service, I decided to try the i30 after sitting in another colleague's car. Turns out it had this really nice European car interior and I was very impressed with  with how comfortable it is. The exterior looked simple yet slick at the same time. Probably the best feature is the reverse camera and the 10year free update for the GPS system which apparently has been removed from the new 2018 models. I dont drive much so I can't really comment on how fuel efficient it is but so far I have only been putting fuel once every 3 or so weeks. Great boot space.", 'If you like CD slots, then this is not the car for you. Otherwise, bluetooth, usb are all available. Great car overall.', 'This isn’t a performance car but with the diesel engine you get plenty of torque and you wont be left disappointed overtaking even with the a full car with people and cargo. Seems to handle a bit better than the hatchback option which I also own possibly because of the independent rear suspension on the wagon. Cabin has everything you need minus leather seats and cargo space is legendary. Much better option in that regard compared to the equivalent ix35. Proximity key and auto folding mirrors are great features I didn’t have on the hatchback option. I’m not a fan of the sat nav system but most cars are way behind the standard google maps options available in modern phones. Fuel consumption is very good on the highway but not so impressive in city driving.', 'The driving experience is smooth on freeway roads however found some difficulty in driving around hilly areas.Legroom for the driving seat is very good however the back seats could have a better leg room. Maintaining cost is the best part and also I like the fact that it has the rearview camera and integrated Air Play.', 'We bought this car as a second car for the household. Includes, reverse camera, stylish accessories, android play and was also recorded as one of the best hatch back cars. We have had no disappointments so far. Excellent pick up, seats are comfortable and great body for a hatch back car.', 'One of the most cost savings car in this category. Equip with navigation, LED DRL, reverse sensors, sleek interior. Cool exterior, my boyfriend and I loved it. It also has sports mode, giving it a quick boost. No issues with it so far loving all the functions this car has to offer.', 'I recently purchased my second i30 from Pennant Hills Hyundai and I couldn’t be happier with it.The car is so easy to drive and handles better than any of the other cars in its class. I’ve driven my friends Corolla and Mazda 3s and Nissan Pulsar and the i30 performs much better than all .It’s comfortable , although I think a tall person may have an issue with head room.I do approx. 100 km a day including narrow windy roads and my i30 corners fantastically and has enough power to accelerate well up the hills .If you’re considering a car in this class make sure you test drive one , I’m sure you’ll agree with me .', 'Bought second hand model after having an accident in a Mazda and it has not faulted me once. The features (bluetooth, reverse camera, push button start, keyless entry etc..) are nifty and fun and the diesel engine provides great fuel economy. Hyundai also replaced a blown speaker without any hassles.', 'For a 2015 model, this car still has an excellent finish that keeps it looking great on the streets. The comfort and features are on-point. I particularly enjoy the simple effective bluetooth system, and the automatic reversing camera display. The only feature I am wishing was included was the automatic retracting sidemirrors on parking.', "I am no expert driver, but it handles as great as I'd expect any modern car to. The fuel usage is around 8L/100km with mostly urban driving. I am the third owner and I have been driving it for a year with no maintenance issues whatsoever. I also feel confident that Hyundai's are popular and be somewhat standard fix so I don't have to be worried if issues do eventuate!", 'For the price you pay, cannot ask for more. Updated interior with plenty of tech, affordable servicing and generous warranty, and great car for getting A to B and possibly more. Interior is spacious and can easily fit 2 car seats and the stroller in the boot. Drives more premium compared to its competitors.', 'My wife and I recently bought the hyundai i30 (2014) as we had really good reviews with it. Its wide enough to fit three child seats int he back (and that was a requisite for us (although the seats do have to be smaller). The car drives nicely and it has bluetooth and rear sensors which we wanted for safety reasons. The only drawback is the engine size and that when the car is on a hill, it takes a lot to get going if the car has quite a lot of weight in it.', "Bought this car 2nd hand when it was 1.5 years old. I've had it for a year now and it's given no issues, which is to be expected of a car that is only 2.5 years old. Regardless it is still a great car to drive. Quite fuel efficient and smooth. It comes with a lot of features like rear view camera etc and is overall great value for money.", 'The performance of this car is fantastic, it is powerful & is priced at a very good price point. For the price you get, the features are great, it includes reverse camera, apple car play, auto lock. The running costs are low and it is very reliable as an everyday car.', "This is a very well renowned car and is perfect for city commutes etc. It is very reasonably priced for the features that it comes with. Just enough zip and the economy is fair. My only point regarding this car is that the steering of the car are is so electronic and if you're about a driving experience, (which if you buy this car you may not be) then it may not be for you. But overall very good quality, well equipped and nice car.", 'Performance of the i30n is amazing. So powerfully driven by the 1.6L turbo engine. The finishes inside the car are beautiful with the black and red leather seats and finishes on the dash. I bought the car for my wife but i think i drive it more than her due to how much fun it is to drive.', 'Bought the SR premium.What I love: the sunroof (panoramic and extends to the back seat!), economic fuel efficiency (8L/km in central city driving), seat coolers (noticeable in the hot weather)What annoys me: a bit jolty in the lower gear changes (likely due to the DCT), poor vision with the reverse camera, the hyundai app (autolink) is truly terrible and not worth usingWhat is ok: the infotainment system, back seat room, boot space (you can make it a bit bigger with a space saving spare tyre.', 'Love my Hyundai.  It looks cool, drives great, detail is fantastic and easy to maintain.  Only fault is the windscreen is a little glarey depending on the light outside. Probably would buy another if I ever have to. Storage compartments are  adequate and boot space ample.  Easy oil/water access and I feel very safe with the new braking system and warning mechanisms eg. Rear camera, dash alerts.', 'I purchased a new Hyundai i30 Active 2012 model in early 2013 during a "end of model sale" with a $2000 price reduction and a set of free Hyundai floor mats. The vehicle has provided very economical and consistently trouble-free motoring since new.  It has never required more than its annual capped-price service and I have never had to top up the oil or coolant between services. The vehicle is frugal in its requirements for these liquids as well as for petrol. In 2012, the Hyundai i30 was nominated the small car of the year and for me it has lived up to that nomination. In the past I\'ve owned other vehicles including Holden (vintage 1956), Toyota, VW, Nissan and BMW but the Hyundai i30 has been the most trouble-free and cost effective. The driving experience is likewise very good. I find that the interior of the i30 is comfortable and the driver\'s seat in particular. The vehicle is easy to drive and steering and braking are very responsive. The vehicle is easy to park, although care needs to be taken as the nose of the vehicle is not visible from the driver\'s seat. I purchased the i30 from Brighton Hyundai and the vehicle\'s  servicing has always been undertaken efficiently and competently. The current Hyundai i30 was recently nominated car of the year across all categories. I\'m waiting for Hyundai electric cars to be introduced into Australia but until then the i30 provides good motoring.', 'July 12th 2018 Update: Best car that I have owned - trouble free, economical and reliable motoring', "I have owned a Hyundai i30 for 5 years since purchasing it new. Running and maintenance costs are minimal as it only requires a capped-price service once per year. The vehicle is fuel-efficient. Driving has been trouble-free and the vehicle starts every time, without any problem.  I rarely need to replace/top-up the coolant or oil (usually only occurs as part of the annual service). I have fund that the vehicle handles and responds very well and that the driving experience is quiet and the seats comfortable. I have owned a variety of cars over the years: VW, BMW, Toyota, Fiat, Holden and Nissan but the Hyundai i30 has been the best vehicle to date, taking all aspects of motoring into consideration. It is not a luxury car and for the price paid (approx $22,000 during an end of calendar year run-out) it has been a very good buy.  The Hyundai i30 has a lot of electronic features that I don't bother to use, but if that is a consideration for prospective purchasers the vehicle has plenty of them and probably has even more in the latest model.  I would recommend the Hyundai to others as a very reliable motor vehicle that has retained a 'current model' appearance, despite being 5 years old.", 'I absolutely love my Hyundai i30 and dealing with Hyundai. The car is extremely reliable, drives well, I also have the reverse camera and GPS which is by far my favourite feature. After switching to the i30 and Hyundai I wouldn’t go back to any other car brand now. Would highly recommend', "We bought this car after a large storm, and this car, despite it's low cost is actually pretty nice. My family bought this car because of it's amazing storage. We can fit two full-size cello cases in the back, with the seat down, and still transport two passengers and a driver. Going up hills isn't that great. The fronts seats have ample leg room, while the rear seats have a little less.", 'Purchased this car. Best car i have ever driven. Great boot space. Stylish. Smooth. Fuel effeciant.  Love the colour of the car with metalic paint. Best money spent. First hyundai i have owned will stick with it. Hyundai cheltenhem on port road best place to go. Sales service best ever. Not pushy and got what i wanted.  Service department patient and help you to the best of there ability. Must recommended this car and hyundai cheltenhem. There the best in Adelaide!!!!!', "I love my Hyundai i30 wagon, it's comfortable to Drive, looks Great, heaps of space and is so affordable with the diesel!", "I bought mine second hand with 71,000km on the clock and it's still like brand New!", 'Highly recommended, especially for families with young children. Lots of room for everything!', "I can't believe the features in this car! There are more features in this car than most base model luxury cars and half the price!  I just picked up my new car yesterday and it will take me a while to explore all the features in this car.  Such smooth performance, solidly built and luxurious on the inside.  The black leather seats with red stitching truly grabbed my attention and didn't let me go!  I've been looking for a new car for most of the year and when I drove this one I was totally sold!  So much interior space, great boot space and design.  I'm looking forward to selecting Sport mode this weekend and seeing what it can do with that fuel efficient yet powerful 1.6 turbo that puts out 150kW!", 'I love this car. From the moment I bought her, I couldnt understand why people would pay anymore for a "luxury" car. It has all the extras you really need plus more. Whenever someone asks to drive it the comments are always "This is so much easier to drive than my car" and its true. Accelerating and breaking are so smooth. Plus the unlimited KM warranty makes anyone feel good!', 'Great performance, smooth drive, easy to drive and great comfort options.Love the leather interior and the big windsheild window however the beams on the side sometimes, I feel like they could be in the way of my site.Defiantly a reliable car,  great size and running cost is low.', 'Hyundai are the heat card I have ever had in my life. They drive so well and are so compact but at the same time have a mile of room to fit all the stuff you need for the family or in my case the dog. Capped price servicing is awesome too.', "When my workmate borrows my car he always comments on how 'zippy' is it.  I love this car, great price and great economy.  I get about 600kms to the tank (according to computer on car) Use about 6.7l/100kms according to my city driving (usually to am from work about 40kn round trip.  Air-con is great, music pumps loud, dash looks good, fabric wears very well.  I have had car 4 years and no issues with mechanics or services.  Roomy, I have 2 car seats and can squeeze a (small) adult in between.  Very roomy without car seats.  Kids and food, yet still looks good.  Boot size is great.  I really can't fault this car.", 'Due to my age l wanted a car similar to the Nissan Tiida hatchback which Is no longer being imported. The controls needed to be similar so l could remember them quickly. Its been an effortless transition & l am so enjoying the ease of driving this Hyundai. l love getting 3 grandies in the backseat its hard finding a smallish car that fits 3 children.  BEN at Stillwell Ford helped me to get thoroughly acquanted with the controls Thanks Ben', 'I have a Hyundai 130 2014 model and i love it. It is comfortable, smooth, stylish and great on fuel. Hyundai have been great every time i have serviced with them too. The only thing i can fault is my tall partner is uncomfortable on longer drives, but as a short person it is suitable for me.', "Replaced a Top of the range 2014 Holden Calais V which we had for three years. Coming down a couple of sizes  would appear to be a brave choice, but aside from missing about 120 litres of boot space our new I30 SR has not disappointed in any other area. Before the Calais we had 2 Hybrid Camrys and the economy of the i30 which is a performance model is about half way between the Hybrids and the Calais,  which is a good result. The i30 SR has similar performance to the Calais but is easier to drive on longer trips. The Calais was a lovely car, but being big it had to be manhandled around corners and such. The i30 has light but positive controls with nice direct steering and confidence inspiring brakes. My favourite feature and one of the incentives for the update was the autonomous cruise which works seamlessly.  I also find the Android Auto feature very handy. Being able to use Google maps on the fly as well as the built in GPS if necessary proved very handy on a recent driving holiday. I've done almost 11,000 kilometres in the first 4 months and aside from a couple of hiccups with the Blind spot monitoring software the ownership experience has been brilliant. Between myself and my wife we have had 4 different i30's in the last 9 years and they continue to get better and better.", 'Purchased a 2009 i30 for my son back in 2011. Was in excellent condition with around 20000kms on the clock. Over the next 4 yrs it encountered engine and transmission issues that took months to fix. The head units backlighting failed along with a universal in the steering. Got rid of the car at 40000kms!!', 'So, my wife wanted a new car. To me, getting our usual requirements right was important and even though she was upgrading from the previous generation Hyundai i30, I was determined to perhaps sway my wife in a different direction. For example, we both like European Cars, but didn\'t want to spend more than we had to so the higher Golf Models at the time were out and the base model back then had \'nothing\' in it. The Holden Astra had good warranty and looked the part but was not that well equipment in base specs and the 1.4 was sluggish and a bit jumpy. Kia is just another Hyundai with more warranty, more plastic and less resale value. We drove the Corolla as a hire car on the Gold Coast but it was loud in the cabin, slow on take off and the cabin looked a bit mismatched. The boot was also tiny. Speaking of small boots, enter the Mazda 3, the hatch looks better than the sedan, but no storage. But every Tom, Dick and Harry drives one, so there\'s got to be something to it. We test drove it twice and it is probably the most comfortable drivers\' seat in the class, however, there is no Apple/Android connectivity, the warranty is mediocre, the service cost higher and the MAXX seemed underpowered compared to the SP. Now onto the new i30. As soon as we stepped inside, it had the WOW factor. I mean, seriously, 8"Screen with Sat Nav (which incidentally is so intuitive and even gives you live voice traffic info including red light cameras, merging lanes, school zones in a Base Model, you\'re kidding?! Well they\'re not. Auto Headlights, a huge boot, Digital Speedo and a powerful smooth as silk motor, we were both impressed, looked at each other and started to negotiate with the dealer. We bought a red one in May. It hasn\'t missed a beat and my 8 year old said on pick up that the seats in the back were really comfortable and that there was more room than in the old one. It\'s a winner! Well done Hyundai!', 'The first one was a little excel but this one is quite different. It is wonderful roomy. I wanted i bigger Hyundai so I could take my dog  with me.It is a good car to drive and I like the easy way of driving. It is a little bit different because this one is a turbo Diesel. Technically it fulfills all my needs. It is reliable and the running of it is cheap to run,because the mileage that I am getting is unending.It is also nice to look at.', "I bought an ex dealer Hyundau i30 Active X G4 in mid 2016. I have been driving this car for 1.5 years now and I am very happy with the purchase. For the 20k you get a premium feeling vehicle with leather seats, Apple car play and a reversing camera - which I can't live without now.", 'A few things though, with a baby capsule in the back seat it pushes the front seat quite far forward. I am 5 foot 8 and I can barely fit in the front now. That is ok because I sit in the back with my child but something to take into consideration for a family of four. If we do have more children we may look to upgrade to a bit bigger car just for the car seats. Funnily enough I have had four adults in the car and there is plenty of room.', 'We chose the car for the boot size too. It fits a pram and some bags with ease. Much bigger than the Mazda CX3, more on par with the Mazda 3.', 'This is a truly excellent little car. Very quite, smooth & comfortable. Holds the road well, delivers outstanding power once moving and a 5l/100km economy is achieved without any real effort (I have a heavy foot). Fit & finish are superb. Being a diesel it is a little "slow of the mark" but once moving is very responsive easily  "holding its own" on the highway .Powers up hills effortlessly. Gear change is light & positive. The engine is so smooth running & the noise inside the vehicle is so quiet,  it is easy to forget to change gear. Braking is powerful yet controlled. Steering a little vague, like most modern power assisted vehicles. Headlamps (night driving) could be better and there is little frontal space for mounting auxiliary lights. Plenty of room for passengers and baggage. Makes a great touring car. Climate control very effective. No experience, but suspect the auto would be a better bet for city dwellers. So far no mechanical issues have arisen. Gear knob is prone to rotate on stick (my heavy hand) & will be fixed at next service. This little car delivers a "big bang for the buck"', 'A very good affordable car with lots of space in it. The boot is massive for the size of the car. It is very cheap to run and very easy to drive. Perfect for a first car! Does require more power when going up hills though and the brakes are touchy.', 'I absolutely love this reinvented i30!!!! So easy to drive and so smooth. My husband drives a merc c-class and even he says my car is awesome to drive. Small but still very powerful and versatile, also love the digital radio and navigation system, definitely an upgrade to the older i30', 'The car handles well, pulls well, brakes well, corners well. Excellent reversing camera system. Comfy seating. The only dislikes are the size of the time display and the centre LCD display has a tendancy to be hard to see in strong sunlight reflections. Tyre wear is good too, still on original tyres. Superb auto transmission. Noise levels are great. Leg room is good. Really cheap on fuel. Good dash layout and functions.', "This car has plenty of power for a small car and I've just moved house and it fits plenty in the back with the seats folded down. There arent an excessive amount of buttons on the dash like some other cars on the market, making it look cluttered. I love the bluetooth so I can answer/make calls and listen to my music easily without having to manually connect to it every time.", 'I have had my I30 for 5 year now and have had no major issue with it. It’s fuel efficient and reliable it was one of the best purchase decision I made. the price was affordable for the number of features that you get. I bought the Elite model and absolutely love the keyless entry and push start engine. It saves me from digging into my bag and looking for my keys. The Hyundai brand has definitely come a long way.', 'Great car would purchase another one if anything happened to this one ,Service is not up to scrace ,shellharbour motors seem to for get to do some things they should be doing ,will give a dearer service price until you have a go at them ,tried to charge me more than fixed service price had to contact head office to get them to agree to the cost.5 stars for the car 2 stars for the service .', 'Hyundai ActiveX is a great small car with several features. Firstly, the price is very competitive and looking at the features, it has a lot of them, from inside to under the bonnet and outside the car. The styling is European and build is good for Australian conditions. The mileage is very good, although a bit more for a small car. Given the car has enough power at all times, the car gives a smooth ride with no lag, even on steep roads. The only negative I could find in this car was that the speedo is on the right side of the dash and I am used to seeing it on the left and hence, needs time to get used to. ActiveX model comes with leather interior and plenty of electronics, compatible with modern devices. It also has a full spare wheel as standard.The car also comes with 5 year fixed service warranty and requires only a yearly service. It is cheap to run and feels like a good value for money and a good investment.', "Very impressed with my first Hyundai. Got the Active model with 1.6L turbo diesel motor. Very swift and economical. Beats my old corolla and Forester off the line easily and I'm getting 5.0Lt/100Km since new which was 1700km ago. Heaps of features included, the big screen has sat nav that works better than my tomtom and the DAB+ digital radio is great, but not in tunnels. My only regret is saying no to the salesman when being tempted witt he next model up, I now wish I had paid a bit more for the full suite of safety features, start button and bigger wheels. Not complaining though, this car is absolutely bullet proof, I love it.", 'This car is a joy to drive it had all the extras that you would want reversing camera sat nav blue tooth..It handles the roafs well for a small car..Running costs are fantastic I have sabed heaps on fuel...HYUNDAI after care is also great.I have had a warranty claim that they handled very quickly', 'Very smooth to drive, very nice handling, great on fuel, nice sleek look interior and exterior, great placement on everything in the car ie the positioning of controls on the steering wheel for cruise control and sound system control, its a very good car to zip around in and even better on long trips', "I waited 40 years to get my first brand new car so I wanted something special.I chose Hyundai after test driving several other cars, including  Mazda, Kia, Volkswagen. I tried the I20 first,  then decided to go up to the I30 and I'm so glad I did.It's spacious, a dream to drive and has so many safety features, I feel that it's the safest car I've ever owned.Plenty of room for 5 adults, large boot, which folds right down through the back seats to make it like a station wagon.Plenty of cup holders and storage options around the car. I chose to pay extra for the paint protection, which I probably could have done without as I keep my car in the garage when at home.  Another extra was window tinting, which was definitely worth the money.I have friends and family who own Hyundais and would now not buy anything else. A quality vehicle.", "I love my Hyundai, it is so easy to drive, is quiet and so economical.  The benefits that Ive received that I didn't even expect though are its fabulous turning circle, as well as I know it won't get stolen from a shopping centre.", 'It looks modern and beautiful and is very zippy, which is perfect as I drive every day.', "This is my wife's 2nd I 30 we previously had the premium edition from 2014 to two months ago when we decided to upgrade to the new generation I 30 sr premium 1.6 litre turbo and must say this car is a credit to Hyundai having seen Hyundai grow from there original excel days .. I would highly recommend this product and model to anyone yes it's the top of the range and a bit pricey but you will not be disappointed at all we look forward to years of trouble free motoring just like our previous i 30", "We bought this 2009 Hyundai hatch second hand manual car with low kms.  I had been looking around for the diesel version and found they were very expensive for a relatively older car around this year so was lucky when this came on the market to secure it for $7500.  This is a really beaut gutsy car and is bigger than what I thought it would be space wise.  There is 'plenty' of leg room in the back for passengers having the boot shorter, but found no disadvantage in the smaller size boot.  The back seats fold down so this makes this a very good transporting car too.  The steering is a little tight but you get used to that.  From 1st to 2nd gear you are zooming off.  Only use 5th gear over 80 km as it tends to feel sluggish at a slower pace.  The car tends to power up going up slight elevations. It has a solid feel and nice crisp closing sound to the door when shutting it.  Very impressed so far!", 'After my friend had bought a i30 I could not wait to be in a position to do the same as he often spoke of the qualities of the car of which I mostly agree, but no one told me how the warranty was broken up over the five years. Be aware the paint on the car which is exposed to all weather is only covered for three years as I found out after the clear coating started to peel on the rear bumper bar 3.5 years later. It`s a shame they did not mention that fact when selling the car even though the paint had a supposed  protective coating solution applied which is probably another sales gimmick. Disappointing Hyundai I will be going back to Toyota.', 'January 5th 2018 Update: Check the warranty chapter 2', 'After my first complaint I contacted the head office for Hyundai I was put through to customer service and after explaining the situation to them they to their credit arrange to fixed the problem with the paint work and other minor issues I was having with the radio. I say good on you for listening to your customers and where possible rectifying the problems.', "We had hired quite a few I30s so when it was time to buy I didn't hesitate. Love all the bells and whistles for the price ie reverse camera, auto headlights, auto wipers, auto door lock, keyless entry and start, leg room in the back, lots of room for lugggage etc in the boot area, cooling glove box, gps, bluetooth etc etc", 'Having grown up in a family that only ever had Toyota cars, buying this car was a bit left of field. The new design is quite impressive, it looks a bit like a golf and from my understanding, this is due to the Hyundai team having Volkswagen designers onboard.', 'The android auto works wonders, the car has a smooth drive, responsive power and nice look interior. Pretty good value for money.', "Love my Hyundai i30, it's so spacious for a smaller car. Drives well and doesn't chew up the petrol. The only issues I have is with the turning circle - its more like that of a big car! Also sometimes the reverse camera doesn't work (2015 model). The seats are comfortable, fits a baby seat or capsule as well.", 'I have had this car for four years now &  overall very happy with it. It is economical, reliable, cheap on fuel, great for driving in the city and easy to park. The only down sides is it struggles just a little going up hill to pass other cars but not a deal breaker.', "I absolutely love my beautiful i30! It's zippy and economical, cute but has a lot more size than you think. I moved out of my old house in three car loads! And believe me, I had a lot of stuff. The car is very good on fuel and very safe. I adore my little i30!", "Generally a good car, haven't had too much troubles with the car aside for issues with the radio and audio system. I've had it repaired once already, and is continuing to have the same issue. It appears to be a known issue and am now just waiting for another refurbished radio.", "Bought a base model diesel (until hubby ordered his new car) as a runaround, then hand it down to the eldest child to update his old car.  Was very impressed at the features on this and the drive.  Would recommend this to anyone looking at buying a new car for sheer value and standard features such as reverse camera, sensors and the amount of charging points (beats my mercy for that number).  Nice drive too.  Only thing that lets it down is no digital speedo, but something he'll get used to.   They have certainly come a long way since we last bought one around 15 years ago and got rid of it soon after.", "I have had my i30 for almost five years, and I can say with much confidence, it's the best car ever! I have had no issues, it's very reliable and economic. It goes very well on the freeway, and easy to park and get to places. I would recommend an i30 to anyone, thank you to Hyundai for creating an amazing car :)", 'I traded my Jeep Grand Cherokee for an i30 to get my running costs down. I was not expecting much from a sub $20k car but it has blown me away. It is very comfy on a long trip and the economy is sensationalRunning costs are cheap as. I have bought a lot of new vehicles in my time but this i30 is the best value for money by a long way.', 'We love zipping around in our little Hyundai i30 with the clear roof. It is neat, stylish inside and has all the bells and whistles you need and expect from a modern car. The seat warmers have been so very nice on the frosty cold mornings lately. It is reliable, the capped priced servicing is great and if there is anything wrong with it, Hyundai have been good fixing it. A great small - but not so small car!'