["Fridge is OK, if a bit small in the fridge section, but the thing that really irks me is that it doesn't filter out smells like my previous cheap and really old fridge did.So put some spagbol w/ garlic covered in it, and the next day the whole fridge smells of it. Why doesn't it have a deoderizer like my 10yo Samsung does?Doesn't even have to be anything particularly smelly, the fridge seems to amplify all smells.", 'Purchased in April 2019 at The Good Guys for $1,049.00.', "Thanks to the awesome service from Pakenham JB HiFI, this marvellous fridge was delivered to me the day I  moved into my new home. Having never owned a new fridge in my life, I spent a lot of time researching my needs and when it came to choosing, this is the fridge I  picked. I LOVE IT! Roomy, energy efficient, great looks...LOVE the LED internal lighting and the ice maker. Love the freezer on the bottom, it's  so much more practical to this old woman. And JB gave me a simply great deal. Excellent customer service above and beyond, delivery was perfect, drivers friendly and helpful. The fridge is fabulous. And sooooooo quiet!", 'Purchased in February 2019 at JB Hi-Fi Retail Stores.', 'The graphite version of this fridge is awesome. It doesnt really show up any marks or scratches and with kids this is awesome. Keeps things cool and the light in the fridge is very bright. Maybe a light in the freezer would be helpful.', 'Purchased in January 2019 for $832.00.', 'Maintains consistent & reliable temperature in all departmentsLike all platinum fridges shows finger marksDoor please to open and shutThe interior of the fridge feels vast compared with similar sized fridgesLED lighting system very good', 'Purchased in November 2018 at Appliances Direct Online for $1,123.00.', 'As we moved into a new apartment, there is not very wide place to put double door fridge so this beast become one of the best candidates. Why? Big inside!!! By comparing to other brands in the market at this size this is the biggest inside. The price also in the middle. Sometimes it may make some noticable noise but best side I would say it is perfert for apartment use.', 'Purchased in December 2018 at Harvey Norman for $1,231.00.', 'Undoubtedly a great purchase, massive space inside. Freezer works superb and great outlook overall. Only drawback is the water dispenser though it gets cool very fast but not efficient as water leaks from the surrounding area while using the dispenser', 'Purchased in October 2018.', 'We bought this fridge to replace an old top mounted fridge. We were finding it hard to get at the bottom of the fridge so we went for a bottom mount. We opted for the LG because we liked the interior layout and the clean, straight facade.A wise choice to go for the bottom mount because it has made getting things out of the fridge much easier.The draws run smoothly and the draw at the bottom of the fridge keeps the vegies moist but not soggy.It does what it designed to do very well and it does it quietly. Although it is early days yet, we are happy with our purchase.', 'Purchased in February 2019 at Appliances Online.', 'Old fridge turned noisy and was running a lot. After a largish energy bill it was time.', "On the high recommdation here and the space limitation of couldn't be taller than 175cm we settled on a black version.", 'I ran a plug in energy meter for a week and it had used about 6kw.', 'So it really does only use what is written on the label. Amazing!', 'There is one important got-cha to be aware of which our sales guy pointed out cause I tend to ask a lot if questions.', 'LG advertise this fridge as it can be hinged left or right. In reality it is right hand hinged which was what we needed so all good for us.', 'The gotcha is however that to change hinging to left you have to pay a couple of hundred bucks to have an LG  technician perform the swap or if you do it yourself you void your 2 year warranty (seems excessive to me)', 'I would knock off half a star for that little detail given how large the font was on the banner advertising left or right hinged when really it is right hinged with optional extra left.', 'Overall, so far so good... Quiet, energy efficient, works well.', 'Purchased in February 2019 at JB Hi-Fi for $940.00.', 'Lg fridges are reliable and well designed. They suit Australian standards and condition. Easily cleaned and maintained. The finished product is first classMaintains temperature set and recycles efficiently. Very happy with the product.', 'Purchased in June 2011 for $1,400.00.', 'Bought this for my new house and it fits for purpose perfectly. There was no strange smell when I opened it, easy to clean and the ice maker box looks great. Not much noise as well.', 'Purchased in February 2019.', 'Fridge broken down in Summer after purchasing 1 year ago, 3 weeks after contacting LG we are still waiting for it to be fixed. We lost over $400 worth of food due to the heat and broken fridge and are now living out of a mini bar fridge. No word on when the parts will arrive and the fridge fixed.Will not purchase nor recommend an LG brand appliance again after this.', 'Purchased in February 2018 at Appliances Online.', 'This fridge works well, however the compressor runs frequently and for long periods (often 40-60 minutes straight and never goes off for more than 15-20 minutes at a time). It has a high frequency hum that can be heard from almost every part of our home. I do not recommended this fridge, particularly if you are sensitive to noise or if you have an open plan living room.', 'Purchased in September 2018.', 'We bought our fridge about two years ago and noticed a few dents on the doors last year. The dents are now all over the doors and freezer - from what I’ve read it’s an insulation material issue ?', 'Purchased in January 2017 for $1,300.00.', 'Great fridge with only a few minor complaints.', '1. The freezer door sticks out more than the fridge door and look a bit odd.', "2. The doors don't sit level.", "3. Can make a higher pitched noise at times but it isn't very loud and doesn't last for very long.", 'Purchased in November 2018 at The Good Guys.', 'I am extremely happy with our new fridge! It is easily able to be adjusted and has easy to use settings for the thermostat. I find it fantastic to use and love the fact that the fridge is on top. It also has a built in ice tray.', 'Purchased in December 2018 at Harvey Norman for $1,049.00.', 'We have had this fridge for 8 months and it’s loud intermittent buzzing noises can be heard through our whole townhouse.  We were used to popping and cracking noises that our old Fisher and Paykel bottom mount used to make but this is next level.', 'Just two days ago we finally broke and got a technician in from LG to see if something was wrong with the machine. We had tried earlier but our email was ingnored. The technician couldn’t find anything so we are stuck with it for as long as we can bare. Although Choice magazine rates LG fridges highly I certainly couldn’t recommend this one.', 'Purchased in July 2018.', "I bought this fridge less than 12 months ago and it served us well till a week back. The fridge and freezer stopped cooling. I spoke to LG Customer Service and they arranged for service visit 2 days later. In 15 mins, technician confirmed that compressor isn't working. Since then I have been coordinating with LG Customer Service to replace the fridge. It is less than 12 months old and very much under manufacturers warranty. Instead of keeping us informed on the progress, I had to keep following up with them almost every day to know whats happening. After numerous calls, they finally said that they will replace the compressor but not the fridge as it is repairable. Repair is scheduled for 5 days later. What I fail to understand is, if the spare part is with them and the issue is serious, then why should they take 5 days on top of 7 days (since I lodged the issue) to replace? Without a fridge at home, it is difficult to manage and have to keep feeding my kids from outside. but they just wouldn't understand and really don't care.On the other hand, Harvey Norman has been helpful by saying that if there is a reference letter from LG to replace the product, they can deliver the next day itself. But LG wouldn't provide such a letter because their care-factor for customer's experience is ZERO!!!I've lost confidence in LG and their appalling Customer Service. This will really be my 1st and last product from LG. I would advise others not to waste their money either.", 'Purchased in February 2018 at Harvey Norman for $1,300.00.', 'This is a brilliant energy efficient fridge. It maintains consistent temperature at all times and throughout the whole fridge. The design is fantastic and the led side lights make it easy to find things. The retractractable shelf makes it easy to store taller items as well. Also with this summer heat trying to bring ice cream home the quick freeze button is fantastic to freeze things within minutes', "I purchased this fridge at the beginning of 2017 (less than 2 years ago) and have had problems within months. Now the fridge has completely stopped working.I have been in contact with LG customer service and have finally had someone out to assess the fridge and conclude that it was faulty.It's been 1 week and I have struggled to get any communication from my LG case manager, still don't have a replacement fridge or don't know if we'll get one and had to throw out over $300 in perishables.A very very slow and painful process to resolve issues with my LG fridge considering it is a necessity, not a luxury item - absolutely no urgency from LG to resolve the issue.Whilst the fridge did work:The freezer was inconsistent and some sections didn't fully freeze some items.The refrigerator section worked great", "Recently got it. Absolutely love it. Looks great. Started cooling after 1 hour of being plugged in. Very quiet. Don't understand the fuss about water dispenser, it can be very easily pulled out, filled and placed back in. Pull out drawer is also very convenient. To top all that, it has a great energy rating. Great value for money. Highly recommend it.", 'GB-W450UPLX', "Amazing size, a bit noisy the first few hours but (thank god) it was only until it's up to speed. Plenty of space inside, great design, reversible door. And got it under $700 with Harvey Norman boxing day sale! This model (dark graphite) somehow is much cheaper than the other Matte black, etc options, but exact same fridge and great color!", 'Bought this for a friends moving present and wow did it meet every need of a kitchen, its so trendy and also so roomy. will purchase one for myself shortly. ice machine works so well and the freezer has so much space. looks great too and its so big which is great for families', 'We purchased this as the retailer told us it was whisper quiet.  Far from that the noise is so bad we can hear it in our bedroom!  Had a consultant out 4 times had voice files to let them hear the noise and each time they have said it is acceptable.  We emptied the fridge freezer and noise still there.  When you touch the unit the noise stops when you hold the door the noise stops - it is on level ground.  The funniest thing the last consultant told us that in the old days you had an ironing board up against it which shut it up unbelievable.  The warranty for 10 years is worth nothing.  When we have got the money it is going over the rubbish tip and then we will go back to Fisher and Paykel which we should have done in the first place.', 'Fridge sold as reversible opening directionFridge doesn’t come with instructions to reverse the doors sold as reversible you can do it yourself but no info in manual or videos onlineLG states you need to pay their tech to do itwill ring LG customer support to see if they can helpUnlikely ????', "I love how the freezer is now at the bottom, it is easy to put things into compartments, and there is no ice to scratch off - winning. The shelves are adjustable but I had to remove one because I couldn't fit the bottles in. Suits a family of 3 quite well.", "We brought this fridge for our newly renovated house. Love that it's a bottom mount to give us more fridge space however are starting to run out of room in the freezer.  Freezer only has 2drawers which cannot be interchangeable from what I can tell for shelves or additional layout.Fridge maintains consistent temperature and crisper works a treat with food over a week old still looking fresh. With the option for left or right opening it suits every kitchen layout!", "The fridge maintains the temperature in all compartments. I saw a lot of reviews regarding the noise of the fridge. I've had the fridge for more than 7 months now and it's not that bad. Considering what it's designed to do, it's relatively quiet.", 'Likes- Design, sophisticated look- Easy to clean- Energy efficient', 'Dislikes- The freezer drawers can be difficult to open at times', 'WE LIKE*the good energy rating*ease of Opening and closing*swappable door opening L -R', 'WE DISLIKE* the poor design*the poor lighting to the rear of shelves  especially the top one*no adjustments for shelves in door*limited adjustment  for shelves in fridge*the way the shelves bend when loaded ( our previous fridge a Westinghouse WBM4300 did not with the same load)', 'Unsure about the overall long term quality', 'Having used my fridge in both hot and cold conditions I have found it to be a top performer in efficiency,which shows in my reduced electricity bills and barely noticeable noise levels.The LED lighting is very effective in the fridge but I would have loved lighting in the freezer as well.Temperature control is precise and consistent in both fridge and freezer.Fruit and vegetables keep well in the large crisper.I like the split shelf which allows extra tall space when needed.One problem is it is difficult to move and rollers at the front would have been preferred.Overall I am delighted with this fridge!', "this is one of the best refrigerator's that i have ever had. it is great for fresh produce, and keeping milk good for longer. i've never had any issues with this fridge and ive never had to get it repaired or anything. its just such an easy to use fridge", 'Very nice freeze..fantastic color and design is perfect too. Highly recommended. Fridge maintain a consistent and reliable temperature in all compartments.I recommend everyone to buy this. Can buy in two colors. Black color is the best as it looks so much nice and lights and compartments inside are very good.', 'This fridge is perfect Defiantly my dream fridge! It beeps when the kids have left the doors open, it monitors the food to the right temp, this fridge wasn’t cheap but I have no regrets, I would recommend this fridge to anyone and everyone !!!!I actually got this fridge for my birthday :)', 'Fridge has worked like a beauty since purchasing it (early May). Temperatures are consistent, Freezer works great. Lots of space throughout. Doors are always easy to open, love the design (I got the black one). Loving it everyday.', "I use my phone to check it's status on a weekly basis, everything seems in working order.", 'No complaints thus far.', 'Great efficient product does the job I need and want great keeps things cold as required and everything is fresh when needed it’s the best fridge I’ve ever owned and I love it totally I’d recommend this to family and friends without hesitation you should buy one and enjoy the product yourself', 'Really good looking fridge - have had for nearly a year and works perfect! It is perfect dimensions as well. The style is great and it does not make any sound at all which is perfect when your kitchen is right near your bedroom The doors are also great to!', 'I recently moved into a new place that had a specific spot for the fridge. This fridge fitted perfectly, looks great with my other stainless appliances, makes no noise. Is energy efficient, has heaps of space and keeps everything fresher for longer in the crisper. Love the folding shelf to allow for bigger items if needed. Highly recommend this fridge freezer', 'So much space, so many great settings this is a fantastic fridge. I absolutely love the style and fit in perfectly in my fridge whole. I don’t know what I would do without it haha. I love the double doors it’s great I’m so happy my husband had bought this for me I love it', 'This fridge is such a great buy, lots of space inside the shelves are easy to remove, the light is a lead light which is nice and  bright, a bell rings goes off if the door is left open too long, the crisper draw has a great design to keep veggies crisp, the freezer which is at the bottom of the fridge has a lot of deep draws with heeps of room.', 'I purchased this fridge online as the quotes I was getting to connect plumbing to the water dispenser to my fridge was between $400 - $600.  I wish I studied as a plumber instead of going to university for 8 years.', 'You cannot fill the container to the advertised capacity as the lid does not sit flush and starts to leak into the bottom shelf.  The second problem is the way the water dispenser sits inside the door.  As it takes up 1/3 of the primary door shelf space, you can only fit a 3 ltr milk jug on either side of it and little else.  There is a small space right under the dispenser on the same shelf but the way the dispenser gradually juts out you cannot use it for anything thicker than a choclate bar.  But forget it as you need the hands of child to pry it out or have to remove something on either side to push it out.', 'Refilling the water dispenser container is a real pain.  There is little space to maneuver when filling the container. You need to get yourself a gardening can with a long flute as a normal bottle or even a cup will cause you to spill due to the small size and ackward position of the container.', 'Given the loss of door shelf space you need to always use the folding shelf in the fridge for any tall items.  So this also reducing the amount of space you have in the fridge.   The spacing of the shelves, which are fixed, are also too close together and the space between each of the top shelves is the same.  So if your pasta sauce will not fit standing on the top shelf, dont bother to try to fit in the other 2 shelves under it as they are all the same height.  You need to lay it down or put it on the bottom shelf.', 'If you are looking for an alternative to plumbing in a fridge, this product from LG is not for you. I have had to keep my old fridge for the lost space due to poor design of this one', 'I purchased this fridge from Appliances Online! I have had the fridge for a few months now and I have no complaints whatsoever! It is quiet and looks great! I would highly recommend this product! One thing I will say is the white on the fridge is a cool white meaning it looks a little bit blue against my warm white kitchen cupboards... But other than that is it amazing!', 'l bought this fridge last years. so far does a very good job. works well in maintaining good temperature in all compartments, very quiet and very easy to clean. it offers great internal spaces, has varieties of shelves. l also like its ice dispenser. a trusted brand. will recommend to others.', 'Great fridge hols a lot always great easy to clean lots of storage always great to see a great company become even better than what it is great refrigerated in the world would not use anything else great fridge I recommend it to everyone love this washing machine 3 great', 'I think this fridge looks fantastic and works really well. It has a great variety of shelves and bits to cover everything you need but the best part is the freezer as it has 3 buckets plus a little ice tray. It is great to keep all the different food items stored correctly.', "Had a major issue as wanted a double door combo but the kitchen didn't have space so had to buy this as the measurements just fit. Loads of room in the bottom compartment and the top is super large. Had to sacrifice freezer space over every day food but was the only option", 'We recently purchased this fridge and it is fantastic- I would highly recommend it to anyone. We love the ice dispenser and it has so much room. It is only new but so far has been really easy to clean and look after and it is super quiet. The temperature is good in all compartments', 'After so much browsing, we got the LG GB 440UPLX model because it offers great internal space. It offers three shelves in addition to the veggies crisper. Beside this, it offers six different small shelves perfect for eggs, milk, and jams. It keeps good temperature in all areas, it is quiet, and easy to clean. Its shelves are made of glass so it gives a great finish.', 'This fridge is my first fridgeMaintains even temperature throughoutIt’s quietEasy to cleanHas loads of storage spaceI’ve had it five years and never had any issues with itI know this brand works well and lasts as my parents had this brand of fridge and after 12years it’s still going like the day it was bought', 'Very good fridge, easy to clean.Doesnt consumes to much electricity. Great buyVery good fridge, easy to clean.Doesnt consumes to much electricity. Great buyVery good fridge, easy to clean.Doesnt consumes to much electricity. Great buyVery good fridge, easy to clean.Doesnt consumes to much electricity. Great buy', 'Easy to keep the fridge cleanDoes not make any noiseLooks greatfor in the houseTemperature stays up the same and the fridge works harder to keep everything cold and lets you know when the doors have been left open from kids that can’t close doors at home.Love it', "We bought this fridge based on reviews all over the Internet which couldn't find anyone complaining about. Price is about the same as others and got a better deal in Harvey's. The settings set by the manufacture didn't need changing as set very perfect. Loads of storage space and nice draws inside", 'Quiet so easy to clean great tempreture best thing i brought love it awesome awesomeAwesome awesome awesome love it so much.........:......... yay so happy Thanks heaps omg so happy and excited cant be any more happier then i am absolutely love my new fridge thanks heals best thing i got', 'just moved out with my cats and they love it so much and my 7th husband feels good on it. fridge has very good vibration and suspension. serves multiple functions which are sustainable. environmentally friendly, looks good and good height. would highly recommend for you and your spouse for the future.', 'Great fridge it rarely shuts down or fails keeps food at good temperature and is great value for money the only reason this has a 4 star rating is it is quite bulky and I had trouble fitting it in my kitchen but apart from that it is a great product.', "We purhased this model based on the Canstar rating, Choice review and size of our kitchen. Unfortunately with the original unit there were intermittent issues with the freezer not working properly so that ice cream was runny and bread defrosted. Setting the temperature as low as possible seemed to work for a while then at the 17 month mark the fridge and freezer no longer cooled at all. The fridge was replaced under warranty, a pricess that took approximately 2 weeks and a few follow up calls. Overall while we had an issue with the first unit, we still like the design, it is whisper quiet and now that we have one that works properly, it cools very well in both fridge and freezer compartments. One negative design feature is that the vegetable crisper doesn't open fully and the drawer design of inaccessible corners means it's hard to clean crumbs etc. that get lodged without removing the whole drawer and washing it.", 'Very happy with my lg w450uplx. Relatively quiet and keeps things fresh for longer.The water dispenser is a bit cumbersome to use and i would not recommend buying the fridge with a water dispenser as it takes up space inside the fridge where 2 bottles would fit.Overall a great fridge and uses very little power compared to my old fridge', "I bought this fridge over 6 months ago and I'm happy with it. I think it big enough to accommodate at least 2-3 people per household. I like how the shelves are removable and adjustable. You can change the temp of the fridge or freezer and also turn of the open door sound. Its pretty easy to clean and it doesn't make much noise at all only sometimes late at night but you can't really hear it unless your in the kitchen. I also like how it has its own ice tray as well. It does leave finger marks on the surface  but so does most stainless steel fridges you just wipe it off daily.", 'Easy to cleanQuiet I change the temperature if I need toIt’s spaciousSo happy that I bought this fridgeA lot of people told don’t buy Lg but trust nothing can beat this fridge it does have a nice finishBought it from Harvey Norman Taren point with the washing machine so many thanks to Andrew.', "I got this fridge in January 2018 on rent to own basis nothing but problems food in freezer kept filling with ice rang lg they sent tech guy out he took photos and said there is a problem left it for a few days rang them and the tech guy told them there wasn't a problem I argued the point with lg because at that point I had to throw all food out so lg sent another tech out, he said motherboard needs replacing job took few days to be put through. I rang lg they kept brushing me off and after all week of ringing lg they told me basically it's not there problem it is the rental company and to further add salt to my wounds they sent me an email stating they would be compensating me but renigged and are not going to compensate me I am discusted about how I've been treated by LG I will never buy an lg product ever again lg shame on you.", "It's huge, the compartments are spacious for what we need and its easy to clean.  It's not noisy and I love how you can adjust the Fridge and Freezer temperatures at the top of the fridge.  You can also turn off the alarm for the door if the beeping annoys you - brilliant.  I also like how the freezer as temperature settings.  I've never seen that before.", 'The fridge is great & great temperature in all compartments especially the fridge : freezer componentIt’s very quiet & dont really heat itVery easy to clean &enjoy cleaning it coz it’s a great fridgeThe storage is very good & works good with a working busy family with so many different dietary requirements', 'Great fridge . Easy to clean easy to use . Would recommend this product to everyone . Huge savings on power , maintains really good temperature thru out . Very quiet fridge . Heaps of room in both the fridge and freezer compartments . First time buyer of this particular brand , very happy', 'Temperature is consistent throughout the frig and freezer.  It is designed for easy cleaning and functional storage. I love the lever handle that closes the door smoothly at all times.  Fantastic value for money especially with water dispenser feature. It is  much quieter than any other frig I ever had', "I bought this recently upgraded from a smaller Philips fridge which couldn't hold a lot of food the shelving is a great source of space I mainly love the temperature my old one is not to cold but this is really nice, I recommend it for anyone with a big family.", "Yes, the vegetables, fruits & meats are kept fresh in all compartments. The chiller compartment keeps cheese, sausages and bacon lasts much longerThe condenser is so quiet that you don't hear it at all.Each part or compartment is easily detachable for easy cleaning and it is easy to attach it back with no difficulty at all.", 'I have used the same model at overseas and it is really one of the best refrigerator ever. LG = life is good. I teally love to use as it is combined with Inverter compressor. Excellent performance. Thanks LG. If some one really wanna buy , go for it.   .......', 'In the last 10 - 20 years Korean goods improved so much that now they\'re first point of consideration for many. I can\'t call myself loyal to any brand, but most of the time would give Samsung and LG priority when considering appliances as it is hard to beat their value for money.We were looking for medium size fridge for small family (3 people). And it was hard to pass LG GB-W450UPLX for value for money and energy efficiency, and perhaps some aspects of warranty. The price was right. We ordered one.It arrived in time and we were all excited. That was short-lived. Next day my wife pointed out that all vegetables in crisper frozen and need to be disposed. That\'s around $40 of produce. I jumped on LG website to call service department, but there is troubleshooting logic you need to go thru before you can log a call. Fair enough. The procedure recommended to increase temperature in the fridge. Lovely, this model has beautiful, shiny electronic temperature and other functions panel at the front and I flipped fridge temperature from +3 to +4C. On the weekend we did all our weekly shopping again and on Monday my wife tells me that all vegetables are frozen and she had to dispose them. Going thru LG guide again, increasing temperature by 1C to 5C. Well, after a month of LG recommended troubleshooting, approx $200 to $300 worth of lost food I reached maximum configurable temperature in the fridge: +7C. Nah, everything still freezes. By now LG site let me proceed thru and register alleged fault. Week later, on Saturday I got a call from someone whose English wasn\'t that easy to understand and was "not friendly" in general claimed that they\'re from LG and asked me all questions that I\'ve already provided while logging call on LG site and said that someone will arrange an inspection within a week. Within a week LG tech came in, literally pulled the whole fridge apart and said that there is a part that is broken, was never working and he need to order one. I suggested that I waited long enough and lost enough money to actually get a new fridge as the one I got is DOA. He said that he is only a tech and I need to contact LG. Mind you, it is not that easy. After I had enough I contacted Appliances Online - the place I bought fridge from, told them the story and asked for replacement. Well, that was another rocky road as LG would not talk to them as well.After 3 months of losses and numerous amounts of communications Appliances Online took ownership of situation and credited the purchase. Big thumbs up to Stuart from AO!I know, we should not judge an appliance by single fault... However, I did not expect LG to be that bad in honouring something that is basic of consumer rights in Australia.My review score based not only what I think about this particular fridge model which may not deserve that poor rating, but LG as corporation that is ultimately responsible for their products.Based on my experience with LG I will think twice next time before considering their product. Funny I say that, because Samsung which was in my eyes not that different from LG has awesome support (from personal experience). We ended up buying similar looking Samsung fridge from the Appliances online and happy so far.', "We needed to replace our reliable old Samsung 488 litre due to broken shelves. Not many current model fridges would fit in our kitchen's fridge cavity without protruding excessively into the room. This was one of the shallowest we could find, but had 38 litres less volume. Our big concern was, would we still be able to fit as much into it?", 'Well, we can fit more! The interior storage is very smartly designed and maximises use of the available interior volume.The freezer bins store pretty much every thing we need, and a little bit more. Ideal for a family up to 4 people.The fridge is quite, access is excellent, temperature control is easy to use, stainless steel doors do not mark. Ours does not have the water dispenser.', "In my experience this fridge seems like a worthy investment, each compartment is equally temperature controlled and it is a quiet fridge. Personally I have had to unplug this fridge multiple days in a row, and thankfully this fridge has not short circuited or been damaged in any way, which I think shows the quality of this appliance. It is not the easiest thing to clean inside, however I don't believe it effects fridge value too much.", 'Good for household purposes. Time to cold stuffs on each compartment varies moving on from place of A/c units.It does not generate noise in closed condition .Cleaning each compartments is in midst of difficulty.It can have flexible shelves to accommodate different size of fridgable items.Upon leakage,it may harm to health.', "We have had this fridge for six months. We have noticed a reduction of the energy bill.The reason we purchased this fridge is because of the warranty and the energy usage.The fridge is run on eco mode, very quiet, very sleek, and doesn't show up finger prints.We purchased this on appliance online via eBay. Wait for 10% off on ebay to purchase to save some coin.", 'This fridge is excellent and looks very stylish.  I am able to adjust the temperatures of the freezer to freeze things really quickly.  It beeps at you if you leave it open so there is no threat of leaving the doors open.  Very quite operation and comes with a 10year inverter warranty.', "We bought this fridge a few months ago and have had no problems with it. It has a sleek design, good energy rating, and the retractable drawer is really handy when we need to store taller items upright (like a tall cake). It maintains a consistent and good temperature in every compartment and is exceptionally quiet. We've enjoyed the little touches, like having the temperature bar across the top when you open the fridge. We've only had to clean it properly once when there was a liquid spill which was a little difficult since liquid gets everywhere but for daily cleaning it's pretty simple.", "This fridge is so quiet, and I love the freezer at the bottom. It's easy to clean, and has maintained a good temperature. Very happy and would buy another LG fridge anytime. I particularly like how it has a clean clear outside but the great temperature panel inside the top of the fridge when it's opened.", "I like this fridge. Looks great, nice and sleek, energy efficient and it's easy to manipulate the insides to suit big or little things. The freezer freezes and the fridge fridges. I am happy with it and so is my house mate. One day I will have to move and it will be heavy, but for now it's in a good spot", "have had this fridge just over a year now and couldn't be happier with it. temperature is very consistent and I have kept it at the factory setting. there is a digital display of temperature when you open the door. The fridge is very quiet and very easy to clean inside and out. just wipe over with a dishcloth. I like the freezer on the lower half and it holds quite a lot. highly recommend this fridge.", 'This fridge is great such a big fridge kids got plenty of cold water plenty of ice for my drink and great on power these lg you can’t go past them value for money u got so much frezza space you won’t believe the room to u own one it’s a must', 'Very Nive Fridge. Really pleased with every thing so far. Love having the freezer at the bottom lots of space in fridge.Very easy to clean Quiet most of the time makes a little noise sometimes but nothing annoying. Keeps everything so much cooler than my old fridge. Recommended to buy.', 'This the ideal fridge for a small family,good size fridge space and excellent lighting.It maintains a perfect temperature and so quite you can not hear it going.The freezer is on the bottom which doesn’t pose a problem,it has 3 drawers which are a good size and a compartment for ice cubes', 'What a great purchase, was worth every penny. Very inexpensive fridge that has served our family of 4 well. We have not experienced any seal problems, or any problems in relation to maintenance, noisiness and is fairly easy to clean. We had purchased the platinum model and see ourselves purchasing an LG fridge in the future.', 'We did a lot of research before buying this fridge and it paid off! It fits everything. The temperature is consistent. The freezer never freezes over. It’s attractive. You can take out the shelves to wash them. I almost never smell anything.  There is loads of space on the shelves. Wipes clean easily. It’s very quiet.', 'Room for improvement:The vegetable drawer is too small for us. But that’s pretty much it! We’ve had it for over a year now and have had zero problems with it. Would buy again!', 'Very easy to use and very quiet at night can hardly hear any sounds at night. Very useful as well not only can you place a lot of food in the fridge. The sections on the fridge are helpful in dividing the different types of food and stores frozen products very well.', 'Brilliant piece of electronic. It’s just so simple and easy to use apart from how efficient and reliable it is. Simply the best refrigerator on the market. The color and size are just perfect. They go hand in hand and it just feels so satisfying. Never faced any problem with the refrigerator till date.', 'Am very much happy with this model of fridge where it has ample space for the freezer items and also for the bottles.It also gives an option of quick freeze and chill where its very convenient also we cna change the shelves as per requirements and its perfect for my family.', "I'm mostly happy with this fridge. It is easy to keep clean. It has a nice layout in both the fridge and freezer section. It is a good size and shape. My only complaint is the vegetables in the crisper get frozen. I don't know if it's because that bit is right next to the freezer and so it's too cold? So I've switched and I now use the vege crisper to store drinks instead.", "Not too shabby, does the job and is a decent fridge. Not too loud and pretty easy to clean. Maintains good temp in all compartments, decent crisper and yeah that's all I can really say about a fridge I guess. I bought it years ago and it's still going strong", 'I was very surprised at how much space we had in this fridge, it is a nice big fridge and even with all the food and drink for our family it still looks empty half the time, you can change the shelving to suit your needs and the freezer fits heaps!', 'This LG GB 450 Fridge is one of the best Fridges I have ever been so lucky to own! The LG GB 450 Fridge Fridge/Freezer is a stunning appliance with all the modern features you would expect from LG. I think next I may have to ask my partner to renovate the kitchen to match the LG GB 450 Fridge!', "Great happy with the product and costumer service would highly recommend buying this product as it will last a long time going the make and model reveiws I'm not the only one happy with this. If you want to buy for long term investment by far this is for you", 'After a few years its leakinh when its consensastuon and its humid leaking all over the floor but overall ik fridge and would vuy this is ok when we need to inspect the fridges before we buy them and makw sure the warranty holds up because the food fuys dont', 'Fridge is a beast its clean and quiet fridge that refrigerates well. It is sometimes hard to take the compartments out to clean the fridge but other than that it works well and is very spacious for us to store a lot of food. The doors open wide which is also good when trying to access the back of the fridge nice lookl', 'It is a quiet fridge that refrigerates well. It is sometimes hard to take the compartments out to clean the fridge but other than that it works well and is very spacious for us to store a lot of food. The doors open wide which is also good when trying to access the back of the fridge', 'Bought the 4.5 star energy efficient model compared to the lower rated base mode, as the power savings would end up outweigh the extra costs upfront.', 'Very happy with the fridge, it looks good and has plenty of storage, and the internal compartments are laid out well.', 'You can faintly hear the fridges power convertor working sometimes but generally it is really quiet.', "Hi, had this fridge for one year now, quiet, pleased that it's 41/2 stars energy rating, don't use the ice maker and haven't really considered taking it out, which I believe you can.Freezer could be a little bigger any way. Looks good, fits with my daily white kitchen for what that matters", 'I replaced my Fisher and PaykelWas worries as never used LG fridge before.But I made best decisionIs ultra quietLoads of spaceShelf stacks backHave ice maker compartmentFits in nicelyDoes not have huge handlesBeautiful stainless steel finishHas LED lightsFreezer has compartments', 'Bought this last year in EOFY sale on bing lee and it has been a perfect choice. No complains so far, its very quiet and has loads of space for a 2 person household. Highly recommend this for a small home, may not be sufficient for a family with Children.', 'The fridge is one of the most efficient fridges we have, very quiet, makes very great use of space.The glass is easy to clean and has LED lights inside, best fridge within that price range.Temperature is maintained all regions of the fridge, and allocation of freezer below makes it easy to access fridge.the Freezer has no light which is a little annoying during the night.', 'This is an sheer upgrade from our previous 90s hand me down fridge. Freezer at the bottom is convenient as I like having the more commonly utilised fruit and vege compartments easily accessible without bending over and digging around. Appreciate the ice tray compartment that you can make extra ice cubes in. Only downside is the temperature information is inside the door. Door has alarm in case you leave it open too long, and has a gentle, self-closing door.', "It's silent, and so far maintains temperature seamlessly. We got this because of the energy saving rebate for getting a 4star and above refrigerator.", 'The first fridge we own. Very quiet, can hardly hear it. Doesn\'t leave fingerprints/smudges on doors too much though it\'s platinum/ grey in colour. When it does get a bit dirty looking, it\'s very easy to clean with just a damp cloth. Keeps food fresh. It\'s easy to change temperatures as well. Also, ours doesn\'t have like a "food" smell even after around 4 months.', 'This is one of the best fridges we have used. It maintains a great temperature throughout and does not delay in any sectors. It is very quiet, so great for homes that are small and cosey. It is easy to clean with its smooth surface and it is also very reliable when it comes to long term use', 'Awesome fridge/freezer. Nice quiet machine with a great feature where you can fold one of the trays in half to put taller items in. Very spacious fridge for a family of 4. The freezer has a small compartment for the ice, but can remove to put more items in the freezer section.', 'Really pleased with every thing so far. Love having the freezer at the bottom lots of space in fridge.Very easy to clean Quiet most of the time makes a little noise sometimes but nothing annoying. Keeps everything so much cooler than my old fridge. Led light great can see everything so clear .', "The fridge itself is great. It looks very smart, has a great layout inside, good capacity for the size. I specifically appreciate the fact that there are no handles sticking out that I could run into. I have my fridge in the middle of our tiny apartment's open plan area and appreciate that it's not loud. Unfortunately when it comes to customer service LG is completely useless. I also had an LG washing machine that broke down and they were a nightmare to deal with to either repair or replace so I hope this fridge doesn't break down soon cause I would hate to have to deal with them again.", 'Quiet and easy to clean the outsides by damp cloth, space inside good can use every spot, only the egg holders holds 6 eggs, other than that excellent in general. Colour look like morden and got the choice to fit your kitchen. iPhone can be use to communicate with the fridge for the problem.', 'The fridge is great, spacious and I like the retractable shelf. The LED lights are bright and the door feels very solid. The door is not really anti-fingerprint though and at times it can be a little bit noisy but tolerable. I do not need to use the self diagnostic Smart Diagnosis feature yet and hopefully will never have to.', 'This fridge suits all my needs; spacious, clean and consistently cool. Never had any faults with it and remains at a high quality after constant use. Kids slam the doors and bang on the racks and still no severe damage. Plenty of room to fit all the groceries and junk foods. Would recommend to anybody looking for a reliable and kid friendly fridge.', 'Perfect size. Great colour. Matched perfectly with black granite bench top. Ample of fridge and freezer space. Fits perfectly to match countertop depth. One of the few fridge found with such perfect fit. Very quiet. Adjustable temperature in both fridge and freezer. Easy to clean. Does not leave fingerprints marking.', 'It takes bit of time for the cleanning . The edge would be hqrd to clean with liquild. It is not noisey too much pretty good in that. It is perfect in cooling within time frame.i would tell you that if you do not have mind for cleanning then it would be good for youm', 'Compared to the other things I used before, this product is very quiet. I like it because it is simple in design and has no handles.The refrigerator door is hard to stain like a fingerprint. If some stains on the door, the stain is not easily seen and easy to clean. keep a good temperature in freezer and fresh food compartments. Very enough capacity for 3. But It would be much better if the freezer were able to light up.', 'Relatively quiet and very sleek looking in the kitchen. Shelves in door are strong and have enough room to hold 2L milk bottles, wine bottles etc with ease.One annoying thing is that you have to hold the fridge door wide open if you need to pull out the vege crisper drawer or the freezer drawers for cleaning or to get at something in the back.', "Great Fridge! Love the foldable shelf! I can keep in the fridge pots of all sizes without needing to transfer the food to containers :D. It's very quiet and keeps the temperature very well. Had it for 1 year and no issues so far. Would highly recommend for a small family!", 'It does maintain a good temperate, although the settings are either freezing cold with ice or not cold enough there is no in between. The finish is very nice and easy to clean although it does get scratches easily and they are very obvious. The fridge is very spacious! Love the freezer.', 'Love this Fridge ,it is quiet , looks good and above all keeps all items Fridge and Freezer at an amazing temperature.  I am finding things are lasting much longer by way of freshness and crispness.', 'The freezer section is a little limited in space . Definitely a Fridge for 2-4 people. If you have a larger family , or big eaters you may want to consider a larger Fridge or have another freezer around.', 'Love my LG!', "Really amazing. It has made my life great. The way it keeps my food fresh is unprecedented, the freezing mechanics can not be understated Internal has a very good size with loads of freezer space. It's small on the outside but big on the inside!It's got CHOICE awards. Compare to other fridges within the price range, this one uses much…", "This fridge is so quiet and energy efficient that I'm constantly worried that it is not running. However, once I open the door I get a sigh of relief. This fridge is spacious too. I love the slidable shelf for taller bottles. This fridge is a great addition to my home.", "I have been looking for a decent prized bottom mount fridge for a while and came across this in Harvey Norman. It has a decent size and doesn't make much noise. The freezer size is more than its peers and compromising the fridge size. The energy rating is only 3.5.", "Great fridge, runs great, not too noisy not too expensive on electricity. It's easy to clean, it's easy to use, it['s easy to change the settings on. I like the colour and the stainless steel doesn't stain or dent too easily. Would recommend this fridge to family and friend s.", 'It7, freezer ice melted, you can use a towel to wipe clean, avoid using sharp items to shovel frozen evaporator plate ice, so easy to scrape the evaporator, resulting in refrigerator failure. After cleaning the door open, let the refrigerator dry naturally.', '8, cleaning is complete, plug in the power, check the temperature controller is set in the correct position.', '9, the refrigerator running about 1 hour, check whether the temperature drop in the refrigerator, and then put the food in the refrigerator. This time, the refrigerator cleaning is completed.', 'Tip: It is better to clean the refrigerator every two weeks, or at least once a month to empty the refrigerator, expired, broken, should not be stored food discarded, and thoroughly clean the refrigerator', 'This is a great fridge and really keeps our drinks and food items at a great temp.It is very easy to clean & I like how the outside of the door is easy to clean too without the need of stainless steel cleaner.It is not noisy as such but will often make a loud humming noise .. I guess that is how they are these days.The freezer door sometimes looks like it is not sealing correctly but a LG phone person told us that it is ok... not sure how he could tell that on the phone. But the food etc in the freezer remains frozen.I like the alarm that sounds when someone has left the door open, although atm someone has turned that sound off.Overall a great fridge and one that I would recommend to others.', 'Prettygood.Recommendedtoallusers.zxczxczxxzczzzzzzzzzzzzzzz', 'zzzzzzzzzzLooksxxczcxzcxz', 'very neat and clean from outside because of the shiny glossy look. Recommended to friends and family members before.', 'bought from HN three weeks ago and so far its great! love the size of the freezer, very spacious. Also the ice maker is a big plus. The fridge is also quite spacious, and the modern design goes really well with my kitchen. Easy to control and adjust the temperature. Very satisfied with this purchase.', 'I can’t just say more then a wow for thisIt’s the best fridge don’t need jars for ice barsIce cooling is perfect usually old fridge had a frost problem this Fridge doesn’tChills my water perfectly without freezing itObviously after a very tiring day hard works pays off because of this', 'This is an amazing item it can do a lot of amazing things which is super super super super benficial in life and help me with everyday tasks such as cleaning drying freezing and many more would recommend to someone who has a very hard day a head of them.', '- temperature is well kept in all compartments- it is very quiet and has a great energy rating- very easy to clean and maintain, shelves are easy to remove and install and shelves are adjustable as well. swing direction can be changed to fit your needs- large capacity, plenty of spaces. perfect for sharing 2-3 pax., excellent value for money', 'Works well, does the job no problems yet. it was installed very quickly and stores a good amount of food, although i would like a bit more different shelf arrangement than what is given default by the manufacturer. Just like most fridge somewhat easy to clean, has about average loudness.', "Been using it for one year now. Still going strong.We might upgrade to bigger one when we have a kid, but for the moment this is perfect size for us.Not sure about the energy efficiency however we haven't yet seen any increase on our electricity bills, so all in all great.", 'I recently moved to a new house, and this is the  one perfectly suits my new kitchen. Good size and works very well. Easy to clean, I just use water to clean it. Simple and easy. It is very quiet and you cannot even hear it at night at all.', 'After months of research, we decided on this fridge for our new place and now I have recommended this fridge to all my friends! We have a household of two and it is a perfect size. Its quiet and roomy and looks modern. We have had this fridge for 4 months now and have had no issues what so ever! 5 stars!', "This fridge is amazing! It looks sleek being black and it is very spacious. We always amaze ourselves by the amount of food we can fit in here. The only thing is if the fridge hasn't been used/opened in a while it starts to make lots of noise, so just have to open the door once in a while. It maintains temperature very well and yes very easy to clean. All the compartments come out easily, including the shelves on the fridge door. Would not hesitate to buy it again!", 'Bought this fridge a few months ago and is well worth the investment. I enjoy the spacing of compartments as well as the specific sections for eggs/vegatables etc. Im not so sure about the colour i got (black) but that ones on me, i think silver looks much better in hindsight so maybe stear clear of that. Surprising amount of space too which is always a positive.', "I bought this fridge lie 3 months ago and i believe it worth every cent. Sleeky design make my kitchen look luxurious. The temperature is so cool, it keeps the food last longer. The led light is n. nternal has a very good size with loads of freezer space. It's small on the outside but big", 'Really amazing. It has made my life great. The way it keeps my food fresh is unprecedented, the freezing mechanics can not be understated', 'Among other things it looks sleek and is a great conversation starter when I have parties in my domicile. I am happy with this product and it’s oerformance', "Internal has a very good size with loads of freezer space. It's small on the outside but big on the inside!It's got CHOICE awards. Compare to other fridges within the price range, this one uses much less energy than others. Sufficient lighting inside! You won't regret it for sure!", 'I bought this fridge lie 3 months ago and i believe it worth every cent. Sleeky design make my kitchen look luxurious. The temperature is so cool, it keeps the food last longer. The led light  is so bright makes it so easy to look for the stuff. The fridge doesnt make any noise at all.', "Choice rated this as a top fridge. It's quiet, and keeps consistent temperatures. The freezer is at the bottom and has drawers so it's super easy to reach and see what food there is frozen, and it's great not having to bend down for the frequently used items in the fridge. It's also 4.5 star rated in energy efficiency", 'Its a good question why is one of us had it up we would have to do the right thing and talk to her but i never can go to computer is a savage and its really a good sleep and watch movies etc with friends and it plays at the same time.', 'This refrigerator is surprisingly the best refrigerator I have ever bought! The sound quality is dead silent. The apples I put in them stay cold and fresh. When I spill something in the freeze, I don’t have to worry, the refrigerator does it’s job and won’t stick. In just one swipe GONE!', "Maintains temperature perfectly, not a problem with it in the 10 months I've had it. Really super as well. Sometimes I have to check it is still there it is so quiet. Would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality fridge that looks incredibly beautiful. It is also very easy to clean", "This has been the best fridge we've ever owned . It's so quiet we never hear it , also the size is just perfect for us as we do a lot of meal prep and need a lot of space . The quick freeze setting is ideal for quick cold beers after work . Buy it ! You won't regret it !", 'This one was the perfect match to my home. It is quiet and very easy to maintain the temperature. Unlike others, you can easily clean this fridge with the simple microfiber cloths.I don’t have any negative reviews till now so I recommend this one if you looking for the good one.', 'Great product.  Really satisfied with the service very easy to install and also providrs good emission Great product.  Really satisfied with the service very easy to install and also providrs good emissionGreat product.  Really satisfied with the service very easy to install and also providrs good emission Great product.  Really satisfied with the service very easy to install and also providrs good', 'Very good basic fridge', 'Not the biggest but is plenty for up toa  3-4 person familyIts a good medium size so can be moved through standard sized doors with not too much difficultyDoor grips very tight and as it is slightly inclined back they will automatically close, plus it has an alarm if one of the doors remains blocked or open.', 'Included is a ice cube maker, you fill with water, and when it is iced up turn the lever and it will drop single ice cubes into tray below. quite handy', 'Had this fridge for about 4 months now and couldn’t be happier! Lots of space, excellent at keeping my food cold and fresh and good freezer space. Only downside is the veg drawer not being on runners and the section in the freezer behind the ice tray could have been bigger. Very easy to keep clean and fingerprints are not visible on it.', 'We have had this fridge for a couple of months now. It is an excellent fridge, and has almost zero running noise. The temperature is accurate and consistent, and the door seals are very grippy. The graphite colour is very striking and it pairs well with other stainless steel appliances. The only negative is that there is no light in the freezer.', 'very quiet perfect for all houses, great at keeping food cold and freezer even colder. Would recommend to all my friends and family. I love the shelving and compactibility of it and would love to see similar fridges released by LG.     The fridge has a large capacity for a stacked fridge.', "After having a basic fridge for so long i'm so glad i upgraded to this one. Has a large capacity and seems very good at maintaining a brilliant and steady cool temperature. Doesnt dry out veges. Its also very good looking and would suit many households. Easy too clean aswell", 'This fridge is amazing. Easy set up. Easy to clean. And keeps food all one temperature. I also love the design of it. It has a slight sound, nothing unbearable though. Absolutely would recommend to all family members and friends. Love our fridge . The best! Lg, lifes deffs good.', 'This perfect refrigerator. No noise. Using low electric power when using. Simple product. Stong. Elegant style. Good in colour. All food vegetable and fish and other food very safety put on this the machine. Using too low electrical treatmen. Yes this oke machine. If you buy this very intetrst machine', 'This fridge is very good and works perfectly for me. It is spacious and can fit literally everything inside it, even after a huge shopping trip. The beeping to remind you about when the door is open for too long is a feature I like. It is quite easy to clean aswell. Recommend to everyone.', "This fridge works fine, has plenty of room and very flexible shelf setup in freezer compartment. Not sure I like the loud beep reminders if the door's open for too long, but I'm sure I'll get used to it. Easy temperature controls and not noisy at all. Overall very happy.", 'I bought LG GB-450UPL black, it is a really great product for everyone, for a small family or large family for daily using. Our family really very happy to buy this product, less power consuming and comfort. I strongly recommend this product who really want to look for the best product.', 'Korean Made product4.5/5 Start energy efficiency mean it will ease your bill a lotHas lot of storage for at least 4 peopleHas this economical function which further reduce your electricityNot that loudQuiet big, so be careful whether you can fit through the doorHas alarm if the door open too long', "Only had it for 1 month now, so can't talk about reliability. But it is a ripper, it looks really good from the outside. we were worried about finger prints on cabinet, not a worry. The inside is spacious and well layed out, lighting is good. The controls are easily operated and display clearly shows temperatures on fridge and freezer. Freezer and ice maker in it are great. Well worth the minuscule extra dollars for the 4.5 star rating. Great fridge", 'Very quiet and an amazing looking.  Keep the temperature very well,  the freezer is a good size too. Well built,  light,  with plenty of space for a couple and enough room for a small family too.  My review is based on my first three months of usage,  so I take time before to write.', 'An excellent fridge to have at home. There is heaps of space on the inside to store things. Cleaning is very easy as everything comes out and the lights are nice and bright. Maintains temperature very well and is pretty energy efficient compared to my last fridge. Highly recommend to everybody!', "This LG Product is great. maintains temperature without making much noise. Spacious plenty of room. Easy to clean also for the size not to heavy easy to transport if you don't want to pay for shipping! Energy efficient humidity controls, reliable and durable best fridge out there. Can't go wrong with the product.", "very easy to clean great fridge for a small family  it is a very nice looking fridge it's slim line not very bulky like some others  a friend had bought the same fridge and once I saw it i had to have one I would highly reccomend this to any small family", 'I’m very happy with my purchase and would recommend this brand to all of my friends and family I have had a very good run. the LG bottom mount fridge is amazing. The led lights are super bight, everything comes out making cleaning a breeze. The freezer is very generous in space and keeps everything frozen.', 'I have had this fridge for 7 months and it is absolutely wonderful. The seal on the side actually works (other fridges I have owned have a bad seal and all of the food goes off). You got a lot of space inside for the size of the fridge itself. I highly recommend this fridge.', 'The LG bottom mount fridge is amazing. The led lights are super bight, everything comes out making cleaning a breeze. The freezer is very generous in space and keeps everything frozen. The crisper keeps fruits fresh for weeks. Ans the energy rating! The LG only uses 299kwh of electricity a year. The fridge which beats its energy rating is electrox bottom mount but it cost about $600 more than the LG.', 'Great quality Very quiet easy cleaning never smells I’m very happy with my purchase and would recommend this brand to all of my friends and family I have had a very good run with this product Great lighting and very energy efficientI can’t believe how cold it keeps my Coke and all my meats and things very cold and is a great product from these guys I have news this product in the past and is very good this is great I’m very satisfied', 'I purchased this fridge approximately 4 months ago and have found it amazing.  After having one with the water dispenser and returning it for the one without after only a week due to the dispenser leaking... I am more than happy with this one.  Size is great, very spacious and quality shelving and the freezer below suits me.  Beeps when door is not closed, or left open for extended time and does not make any running noise. LG is a quality brand and I will be purchasing more items in this brand.', 'This is the perfect size fridge for my family.  The water dispenser is perfect and encourages to kids to drink more water over any on there beverage.  Seems to be economical - my electricity bill has definitely not increased.  Freezer is perfect size without being too big to lose food in.', 'This fridge is my first bottom mount and I am quite impressed.the freezer drawers are simple to access and hold a lot of goods. The fridge height is good to reach in and out of without bending. The only isssue I feel is with most bottom mounts, the fridge space is compromised.', 'The fridge seems to cool quickly and efficiently and the freezer quickly freezes water and food. We have a shelf for water bottles and store them laying down, allowing more room in the shelves below.It is very quiet and we have not noticed any sound or vibration coming from it.Shelves and draws are easy to remove for cleaning.Love the dark fingerprint resistant doors too!', 'Variable shelving..great lighting. Express freezing  if required.  Eco  settings available. Separate settings for freezer and fridge. Alarm,  if left open too long. Ice tray in freezer has a great twist  n drop in compartment feature. Very quiet,,  easy to remove shelving and clean   10 year warranty on inverter compressor.. Touch mark resistant. Very pleased.', 'Perfect in all respects, the best part is you can change the temperature settongs as per your requirements from a overhead touchpanel, further the best part is the lower freezer section for ease of use as the maximum used fridge section is mounted on the top, and not to forget comes with the changeable doors which can be changed to left/right according to the space, just perfect.', 'Lg refreregitor is very good I purchased this from two months ago it works very well. Colloing is fantastic. I also suggest my Frnd to buy lg refregitor. It’s have two seperate parts it’s very big and enough to store drinks veggies and frozen stuffs. I love it.. ❤️', "Fantastic product. Easy to clean. Lots of shelving and compartments. Found it easy to move around the entire room. Was on wheels so was easy to move around. The water dispenser was good all though some times it would smell funny. You couldn't fill it with alot of water but it was very cold.", 'It maintains good accurate temperature. My water bottle and ice tray got cold/frozen in a matter of 2 hours from plugging the appliance in.The fridge is elegantly designed and intelligently organised - providing easy access to everything within.It’s not too quiet, just fairly so. Cleaning seem to be fairly easy given the organised and easily accessible layout inside.I am very happy with picking this beautiful and efficient fridge thus far. There wasn’t a better choice.Certainly good value for money - I wouldn’t recommend any other fridge at this stage.', "Having owned an LG previously this was my choice of fridge and the fridge/freezer in itself is very good.  The motor is quite and the defrosting auto works well and quietly.  However this model gives you three drawers (2 large and a smaller one) for freezing and a very small ice compartment.  The refrigeration space is not adequate and you might not realise this until you start putting things in it.  They have compromised this space with extra freezing space and it means that no matter how you arrnage your shelving there is no extra room for tall jars or bottles and if you arrnage them to accomodate this you lose the space for salad bowls, cakes etc..it is not very well thought out and oddly they supply you a 10 egg container (totally useless).   Unlike my previous model there is no meat keeper or chiller, the depth of this current fridge's crisper is smaller and they have this shelf that you can fold under for tall items but the room behind it is tiny.  When purchasing I questioned the size but was quoted the size which was bigger then my previous fridge, what they didn't tell me was that the size included the freezer. I like LG but am very disappointed in this.", "Purchased this as my second choice (the Westinghouse I preferred was too big). The fridge has been here a week already and performs without problems. The lighting in the fridge is bright and modern, LED lights beaming from the sides. Freezer has no lighting at all - not a biggie for me. The noise that some have complained about might just be the freezer drawers rattling a bit. This has happened a couple of times with mine so I just slide the drawers open and close them again. No biggie. The noise isn't that bad anyway. Overall, no regrets buying this fridge and it's working beautifully. I might be easy pleased though since I'm replacing my RJ300M Westinghouse that I'd had for 18 years. Naturally the new one is a major step up. My only beef with this fridge (pun intended) is the lack of instruction for reversing the doors. The doors are definitely reversible, but LG don't want consumers doing it themselves. The manual advises to contact an authorised service to have that actioned. I'm confident that it can be done easily enough, but so far have found no precise instructions anywhere, either written or video, on how exactly to do it. Service guys want around $190 to do the job. I think that people wanting the door to open from the right should be able to order theirs that way, and pay no more than the price of the fridge. This is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.", 'Recently our huge French door fridge freezer died, just inside its extended warranty. During the almost three years we had it, our household had halved in size with kids leaving home. The extended warranty returned the original cost of the fridge, plus $600 for spoiled food. We decided to take the opportunity to downsize the fridge and so cut running costs. We still wanted a mid sized fridge with at least 3.5 star energy ratings.  This one fits the bill, with a generous 450L capacity, although I do wish a manufacturer would come up withe a fridge freezer where the freezer is bigger than the fridge. It feels a little sturdier inside than the one it replaced, although it is very hard to get a fridge with sturdy door shelves- they all seem to crack pretty easily. One thing I really like is the finish- the graphite looks so much cleaner and newer than the stainless steel one did.', "This fridge is so efficient it maintains a perfect temperature for every compartment .It suits my families needs as it has a huge amount of storge  space.It operates smoothly it's  really quite you can't hardly hear the motor running. As for cleaning it's  remarkably easy to wipe and keep clean.", "This super quiet fridge keeps excellent temperature and fresh veggies last so long we can't believe it!I installed a set of temperature sensors and the variation is low.It is very easy to clean and no frost or icing upIt seems efficient as it runs a lot less than any fridge we have owned.... Love it!....And great price through Good Guys online.", 'Brought it from harvey norman. They did pricing matching and reduced the price for me. Came with free delivery. Perfect fridge for a family of 4. Loving it so far. Would have been even better if the capacity was a little more for the freezer. Best thing, it is the most quiet fridge i have ever seen', 'Got one fridge from good guys and Love it. It has 4.5 energy rating and working fine. It’s been 2 years no issues. Little bit struggle to set up the temperature at the beginning. Now after setting up no laund sound and food is in great contions. Highly recommend one', 'good fridge, does the job cant complain keeps food cold never had a problem with it, easy to clean keeps food cold and water cold, all in all is a good fridge', 'The fridge stays at an even temperature and runs quietly most of the time. When the motor runs it has a slight humming sound but not too bad. It is extremely easy to clean and love the fridge being on the top. If makes for easy access and not back breaking bending over.', "Purchased at the Good Guys Pakenham who beat the lowest on line price and delivered the same day I have been impressed with its whisper quiet operation, spacious and functional fridge layout, easy to access freezer drawers, easy to alter visual control panel and pleasant alarm when door left open. Looking forward to reduced power usage with the 4+ star rating too.Let's hope I never have to use the 10 year guarantee.", 'The LG Fridge maintains perfect temperature throughout the whole fridge and freezer.You are able to change the temp of each compartment and this is a great feature.The fridge is fairly quiet and I do not notice any noise.The fridge is very easy to clean and has adjustable shelves for tall bottles.All in all a great fridge for a good price', 'I love this fridge although the freezer completed could be slightly bigger it is overall a good product. I find my food stays fresher for longer and ‘holiday’ button is perfect for those long trips. Overall it is a great fridge and would recommend to anyone who eats fresh produce daily', 'I am very pleased with the quality of this fridge.  I love the grafite color It is extremely easy to keep clean, inside and out, the temperature controls are easy managed. I like the spacious fridge and the freezer is big enough for our size family. I would highly recommend this fridge to anyone.', 'What a fantastic fridge, freezer and makes so much sense. The fridge at the top makes so helpful for anyone for whom bending is difficult, especially as most people use the fridge more often than the freezer. Cleaning is a breeze as it only needs a quick wipe and the temperature is even and effective throughout.', "As we are renting, we sought out a fridge with a door whose opening direction could be changed. We didn’t want to have say a R opening door, only to move and find that we needed a L opening door instead! However, 11 months on and we have still not swapped it around as it seems we are missing a part for the freezer door even though we were assured by the Harvey Norman staff that we had everything we needed.  A little disappointing. Otherwise, very happy with the purchase and its easy to keep clean. Good size for family of 4. Bought it at Boxing Day sale with zero research done before hand - totally trusted the sales rep's advice and made a decision in 15 minutes. No regrets (despite the door issue).", 'Researched the above fridge through CHOICE and as it had a four and a half star rating and had all the features I needed i bought it. It is so quiet i doubt sometimes that it actually is working. I bought it through Appliances Online who i have dealt with many times. Paid for it on a Tuesday and it was delivered NEXT day. It was set up by the delivery people and i am very happy. Energy consumption per YEAR is a claimed 299KW.', 'Really good with kids, open their selves every hour. Water dispenser is provide filtered and cold water. Also, Ice cubes from dispenser. LG really makes life good. No problem since 2012. Huge space different shelves and space for different items. Variety of colors to chose, which can match your interior. Warranty provided but never need to use it.', "It has a really elegant looking. Temperature can be easily controlled and is maintained well in all compartments. It. is quite and easy to clean. Also, it's very spacious, perfect for 4 to 6 people in the house. The lights are bright and cool blue, makes it easier to find things in the fridge", 'Everything is kept cold, easy to adjust the temperatures with the controls, being able to turn the door alert on and off is great! Had it for about 5 months and no issues. Had the power go off one day for 13-14 hours and the freezer section was still around minus 4-5 and the fridge was only around 8 or 9, pretty darn good but we did not open the fridge during that time.', "I like this frig we bought about 6 months ago but it runs a but noisy. I think it is the inverter. But it is in the kitchen and doesn't keep me awake. Well lit up wehen you open the door. Shelves udjust easily. I recommended the same to a friend and they love it.", "I did a fair bit of research before purchasing this bottom mount fridge.  It cost just under $1,000 from HN.  I've only had it for a month but pretty happy with it.  Pros: deep doors and the bottom shelf can be retracted back for more bottle space.  Doors easily hold 2L drink bottles.  Quiet.  Good lighting in fridge section.  The power usage is around 300kwh per year compared to my old (2001) F&P which used a whopping 680kwh for the same sized unit (450L).  The door shelves seem much sturdier than other models.  As the doors are slightly heavier they have no trouble closing easily. Bottom mount fridge so it saves your back.  Cons: no light in freezer section.  I would also do away with the twist ice cube making section and just use ice trays but then again I'm not a fridge designer.  Perfect size for 2-3 person household.  Maybe go for a 500L plus model for larger households.  I quizzed the delivery drivers about this fridge when it arrived and they gave it the thumbs up (don't forget they pick up the faulty fridges as well).  Door can be left or right hinged.  Lastly I made sure the platinum model held fridge magnets as I love sticking stuff like fast food coupons, bills and reminder notes to the fridge door.  I also leaned towards LG as my front loading washing machine went for around 10 years before finally dying.  Overall I'm very happy with the purchase.", 'happy with the purchase i got for my parents they seem happy with it although wasnt as big as there last fridge, but no other issues this far keeps everything cold  as it should do no problems may buy one for myself when mine dies i like the look of it', 'Maintains steady temp nice and cool no adjusting needed .Runs so quietly l have myself checking to see that its actually running can not hear a thing. Very easy to clean as well, no regret for purchasing this fridge. It is so energy conservation when compared to our previous fridge. Quite love it! Will recommend this product to my friends.', "This fridge maintains good temperature and has an easily silenced alarm when the door is left open. The shelves are strong and easy to clean. Plenty of freezer space.  My only disappointments are: (1) hard to set a good height between shelves. They are easy to move but I just don't seem to be able to get the shelves spaced so they easy fit typical item heights. (2) the door needs to be opened past a 90° angle to slide the veggie crisper open (this would be terrible if my fridge door opened against side wall). (3) cold blue LED lighting. Would prefer neutral or warmer tone so it doesn't feel so clinical.", "Now into 2nd year running the Fridge does it job perfectly. For reassurance, the 10 year warranty is great.Despite some people calling it loud, it is not noisier than any other fridge.The temperature control, although it is digital, doesn't seem to do much even if you change it.The only gripe I have is that the shelves are limited in how you can arrange them. Otherwise, not much to complain about.", 'I bought this fridge from appliances online which was delivered and installed with out an hassle.The fridge has been really good with food staying fresh for long time. Highly recommend this. The overall aesthetics is quite nice and really suit my  kitchen. It has plenty of the room for storage.', "great design, love it. the ice dispenser is clever.however the BUZZ sound is irritating. very irritating.4 sounds: 1- a hum, 2- a buzz, 3 - a louder buzz, 4 a slight 'horn' sound.the 10 year old fridge it replaced was quieter. very disappointed. i sometimes turn the fridge off to get some peace.", 'I bought this fridge from Harvey Norman about 10 days ago. It is nice and quiet and easy to use. The retractable shelf is very handy. The shallow depth fits my kitchen. I will be having an authorised service technician to change the position of the hinge from right to left next week. Apparently the metal parts of the hinge can be flipped and used on the other side. The S-shaped top plastic part came with the fridge -- this needs to be used when changing the position of the hinge. When I called LG, they said to me that changing the hinge position will void the product warranty, which I could not understand as the product is designed to allow the change and they asked me to have the authorized service provider to do the work. Cannot see the reason why it voids the warranty.', "It able to keep constant temperatures especially in summer. The overall aesthetics is quite nice and really suit my remodeling of the kitchen. It has plenty of the room for a small household (1-2 people) and really easy to clean and doesn't have any problem with build up ice. LG brand is also great, i had no problems with my previous refrigerator.", 'Since we have had our LG Fridge it has maintained a constant temperature at all times. it is so quiet you wonder whether it is on most of the time. It has sections for ice, vegetables, freezer below and stacks of room in the door.It is so easy to keep clean and does not build up with ice or sweat like some fridges in very hot conditions.', 'I was looking for bottom mount fridge and found this really good product.  Its very nice looking fridge.Very happy with my purchase,spacious, easy to clean and efficient. Freezer space would have been better but it works fine for small family. If you are looking for a medium size fridge then its best']