["I've been using it everyday and its very nice. I even use it while swimming and there's no any problem at all. Thanks samsung for making this wonderful smart watch.", 'Purchased in November 2018 at Samsung Online store for $299.00.', 'Bought this as a gift for my brother. Overall he is very happy with it. It looks great and has many features. There are many faces to choose from. The rotating bezel is a smart design by Samsung. However, the battery life is pretty average. Need to charge it almost everyday.', 'Purchased in September 2018.', 'I really do believe its one of the best, great looks, functions, and even a good 3 days of battery life.nice watch faces from Samsung and loads more  on the store.', "The notifications work flawlessly for me. Love seeing the weather at a glance.The kids love that we can make a call from the watch and talk to the grandparents via it.The smart pay features are great, its just a shame that some of the banks don't allow usage of all their cards.Its also a shame its not properly water proof, i.e. you cant go swimming with it, its just splash proof and dust proof.", 'I like that it has many different apps mostly the Samsung ones  I like as they are what  I use, timers, weather, alarms, reminders, calendar, stopwatch, music control etc.There are also some really good aftermarket apps.', 'its quite clever to correctly recognise, walking, running, cycling etc, and there is even a Samsung app to show what speed you are doing.', 'Love the bezel design to be able to rotate through the functions as well as being touch sensitive.', 'Again, I am extremely happy with the purchase, features and design.', 'Purchased in February 2019 at JB Hi-Fi for $264.00.', "I bought it a month ago, and I'm supper happy with it. It is a great watch, with reasonable price. It works very well with your phone if you have a galaxy phone!", 'Purchased in April 2019 at JB Hi-Fi for $299.00.', 'Samsung customer relations is a total disgrace. The chat line are unable to answer simple questions. On the phone you get through to the Philippines who are worse than useless. Do not buy via Samsung, If you have a problem their customer service is worse than useless.The watch is very limited in what it can do, and the customer service outfit do not wish to helpKeep well away', 'Purchased in April 2019 for $200.00.', "No major issues with this smartwatch, battery life is solid, interface is convenient, a little bit thick on the wrist but is fairly stylish and have no issues with performance. Only real issue is with the functionality itself, don't tend to get much use out of this other than checking notifications and even then, is much easier to get my phone out and reply.", 'Purchased in March 2019 at eBay for $200.00.', 'After owning a couple smartwatches, including Sony Smartwatch 3 which is a great watch, S3 Frontier is even a greater watch. The Sony was lacking the heartbeat and has a small square face but has reflective LCD which is amazing.', 'I doubted if I will like Tizen OS, worried about the watch faces and battery life of S3 but all of that can be proven unnecessary. So here the plus:- Bright LCD even under the sun- Great battery life in general BUT very inconsistent- Great free watchfaces- Sports function are great', "The low side:- Battery can sometime chewed up from 100% to 10% within 4 hours. I concluded this was when WiFi is on and not connected to any AP despite it's in Auto mode. I believe the watch was scanning all the time.- GPS is also very inconsistent. Time it takes 15 - 30 minutes to lock position. After reading a forum, it turned out that the weather feature S Gear app on the phone was the root cause.  Simply remove any location weather on S Gear and GPS lock position in less 20 seconds.- Samsung support team didn't even know about this and insisted I factory reset the watch which I did and then ask me to take it back to Samsung service center, not very impressed at all.", "I've used quite a number of smart watches and by far the gear s3 tops them all. it was a gift from my wife last December and I've been wearing it everyday. i have an older garmin fenix 2 which i use for working around the house, the beach, etc. but for the office, the gear s3 is definitely on my wrist. it connects to my phone flawlessly. it exchanges information pretty fast though i tend not to connect it all the time. love how the bezel turns and you can go through the menu. I've purchased only 2 watch faces on top of the those already in the s3. simply put, awesome watch which will stay with me for quite some time.", "Got this as a gift for Christmas. Didn't think I would use it much but have definitely enjoyed the fitness features and being able to see calls and messages. I'm usually really bad at answering calls on my mobile but this has helped. I also check my phone less overall. I like appearance of it, although it's pretty chunky on my arm. Overall, good product.", "The watch is very easy to setup and use. It links first time every time with the phone app and shares information back and forward flawlessly. There are some very good apps available and even some open source variants for those wanting to do a little coding for themselves. I've not had any issues with any of the built in functions in the four weeks I've had the watch - phones calls, text messages, emails, voice to text - all work straight out of the box.", "The watch is large, a little heavy, and can get warm but the screen size and battery life make up for that. I get two full days and it takes less than two hours to fully charge with the contact charger. I've not had an Apple watch so have nothing to compare the Gear S3 to, but based on experience to date, I have no reason to consider any other watch.", 'Well worth the money.', "Bought this on special offer but was initially dissuaded due to its bulky appearance. However it didn't look too bad on my wrist.  Features are a plenty and if you're into gadgets then this is the watch for you.  I hit the gym fairly regularly and find that it is a real aid. Multitude of watch faces is uselfull. Eftpos payment a breeze. Making calls from your wrist jaunts you to the 22nd century. Highly recommended.", 'This was purchased second hand from an online retailer to track fitness and sleep assessment. It works quite well in both those regards, although the settings needed to be adjusted to improve the battery life. It would be better if the battery lasted longer in normal mode instead of requiring power save mode which cuts out colour and limits functionality. One of its best features is that it vibrates when my linked phone receives a message or call, so I no longer miss these!', 'Overall pleased with this product.', 'Wanted to buy this watch for a while now and finally decided to get one on sale.Very easy to set up/use, can personalize it and add aps etc. great notifications linked from phone. Can message and phone people without touching my phone. Pretty impressive technology and lightweight. Nice design and looks of the watch', "Having owned just a Casio Gshock, I thought I need a classier watch that I can use for a more formal setting. Luckily, my wife got me the Gear S3 for my birthday. The watch is really amazing. It displays a lot of health information that I like. It also helps me navigate around town using maps without the need to take out my phone. The build quality is amazing. I can not mention how many times I've banged it up against walls and doors but not a scratch on it. Really happy with my watch.", "I am a huge fan of Samsung products. I have used gear s2 before. 3 weeks ago bought a gear s3 frontier from Harvey Norman morayfield and was very excited. Much to my disappointment the watch started giving me trouble. Battery don't even last 5 or 6 hrs even in power saving mode. Also trird to reset the watch no use. Very disappointed", "Wanted to get it for a while now and it's been great. Didn't want to get a square watch. This is big and battery last for 3 days at least. Easy to use with lots of watch face. Would like it even more if Samsung could integrate Google Assistant. Then it would be perfect!", 'I purchased a Samsung Gear s3 Frontier about 7 months ago and since then I have had to have it replaced (with a used refurbished) watch because the original stopped connecting to the Bluetooth.  Now two months after the original watch crapped out, the replacement watch also quit working properly.  The watch will not connect to the network and I get not phone calls or notifications of missed calls.  They intend to send me another refurbished watch in hopes that that watch will function properly but if it was already send back for rework, how confident should I be that I\'m getting a quality watch?  Not very.  Samsung Support sucks!  Chatting with a human isn\'t even an option and if you don\'t need help  with what they think you do, they just keep circling back around and around.  I am so dissatisfied with the Samsung Gear s3 frontier that I would recommend that no one ever buy one.  It is expensive and obviously unreliable.  Who knows, maybe when you send your Gear s3 in for a "Replacement", you will get mine and I\'ll get yours.  DO NOT BUY a Samsung Gear s3 Frontier smart watch, Buy a sundial and strap it to your wrist if you want consistent reliability. I\'d give them a Zero rating if that were an option', "I love my watch couldn't live without it. Would be great if i could add stava app and fb app to my device  as i find the apple watch can do a few more things than my Samsung Frontier. I've almost bought an apple watch to replace. But i prefer my android products", "received this watch as my birthday gift. i love the operation system developed by samsung.what i really that this watch as compares with apple watch, it allows me to choice so many different watch face and it looks so real as an expensive watch. I wear it everyday, battery can last 3 days, as I don't use the app in the watch, to me it is pretty much useless.The build quality and the design of the watch is just way beyond my expectation.This is much much better looking than the apple watch. I wear this watch to a few meetings, and i can choose difference watch face to suit my clothing.Just love it", 'Works Great! The additional wrist strap does not work with this watch!I received all of the accessories it was to have with it also. It was new and in the sealed box and so far works as it was designed. A little bigger than expected but I am a large guys so that works or me.. The charge lasts a little over 2 days and is easy to recharge on wireless charger.', "The first smartwatch I have found that not only looks like a watch (ie round face), but also a decent size. I found previous samsung watches to be a little smaller and look small when worn, so when I found the frontier I was extremely happy to have a feature packed watch that looked great on.the watch is great, battery lasts more than 2 days and having GPS, altimeter and heart rate monitor all built in means I can keep an eye on exercise and where I've been.There are stacks of watch faces to select from, but I preferred an uncluttered face so have stuck with the stock frontier face.Notifications on the watch are fas+t and the voice quality when using it for voice calls is great.", 'A great compact watch, easy to use and great build quality. Huge range of watch faces that are easily downloadable. The spinning bezel makes navigating the phone super easy!', 'Calls through the watch are very clear and easy to  view notifications. Texting is difficult on the watch. Samsung pay is a great bonus with the watch!', 'When sweating (heavy exercise, hot day etc) the heart rate monitor struggles to get a reading.', 'This is a good watch to monitor exercise, activity and heart rate.However, there is no built in help guide. The user will need to work out themselves how to use the watch. i.e It is is difficult (or impossible) to know how to turn off some features and switch to the next. The additional Apps that one can installhave not been quality checked by Samsung. Some do not work  - such as GPS direction finders that often fail to boot up. The various watch faces that can be installed are a major feature of the watch and quite handy. Both from their usefulness and to periodically change the watch face appearance. The Google Map feature and other directional maps are disjointed and require unclear installs. I have had no success with any of their maps or GPS location apps after 4 months of use.', "Sum up: The watch should be subject to far more quality control and testing. Useless apps or free apps that only partially function should not be available in their selection. All paid for apps should have been thoroughly tested.The 'extra ' free apps - installation feature - lets the watch down - very few work properly. There should also be a Watch handbook to download - there isn't. Details on usage are extremely scant. The magnetic battery recharge system is excellent!", 'Ref. Frontier S3 Ser. No. R5AK1007VRF', 'The Samsung gear s3 has an amazing screen and a bezel that can be turned to scroll through pages. The watch has a great Bluetooth connection and has a large variety of watch face options. The watch is also great at providing you with all of your health information at a glance thus helping you to stay more healthy.', 'Very stylish watch.....get lots of comments about it!', 'Pros -  lots of apps and watch face available online, handy wireless charging, great for fitness monitoring - pulse, steps; bands can be bought online & customised to what you are wearing and they are easily changed', "Cons - needs to be recharged every night, can't make calls on it like my older Samsung Gear S2 Neo", 'so handy when busy and its all at a touch of the watch screen , everyday use and perfect fpr all occasions , light weight and comfortablewireless charger is very easy to use , saving time and very fast on the chargetouch screen makes life so simple and talking through the watch a sensation', "I got this for Xmas and it's been absolutely amazing. I can put my phone on silent and the watch still rings. Plus I can check messages and emails with out getting my phone and and see if it's important. Texting is also easy with quick reply options and voice to text", 'As one of the first buyers of the Pebble watch, I loved my old smart watch so much. The company was purchased by Fit Bit and my poor Pebble technology squashed. I waited and waited years, checking all reviews of smart watches and finally decided on this Samsung Gear Frontier!!', "I love this watch. Firstly the display resolution just amazed me. My daily art app shows beautiful pictures. Emails, SMS etc are so crisp and clear. The apps are great. I am using the health one all the time. The watch detects my sleep, walks - the only criticism is that it doesn't detect my yoga class.", "The fun part is looking like  spy talking into your watch and using it as a phone! Texting and SMS'ing is a little hard, so I prefer my phone for now. Also fun is paying for items in shops. But beware some retailers don't have up to date merchant facilities so still take your credit card for now.", "Be careful buying online cheaply from Dick Smith though - the pay facility needs fiddling with to work in Australia as you get an overseas model - mine came from Saudi Arabia. I didn't realise this when buying from their website.", 'All in all I HIGHLY recommend this watch and am back in love! :-)', 'I owned the first smart watch the motorola smart watch and wow samsung have really blown it out of the water. It looks like a real watch and the functions are so practical i have no faults besides the outer edge has been hit against a wall or door a few times amd it scratches easily. The graph details in samsung health and the logs it keep are fantastic i would recommend this watch for everyone. Cant wait to see the next watch samsung bring out', 'This is my second smart watch - the first being an el-cheapo no-name model just to try them out.', 'The difference between the two watches is amazing and I am really glad I paid the extra to get a quality item this time.  Looks great, fantastic selection of watch faces to choose from, step counter, heart rate, excercise tracker, sleep monitor, etc all work great & even with some limitations due to being paired with my i-phone rather than a samsung phone is still a fantastic pair up.  (Still believe that although apple make the best phones, the i-watch has no style and looks more like a calculator watch of old than an attractive timepiece you would want to show off).', 'Battery life is averaging around 2 days but the magnetic wireless charging dock is a breeze to use - just sit and forget.', "Got mine (Australian Model with 2 year warranty) for just $340.00 at Officeworks under a price beat deal, with most retail stores currently selling for around the $399 mark.  With the new S4 (Samsung Galaxy Watch) due in October, possible further discounting will occur, but I couldn't wait.", 'This watch is a vital part of my day to day accessories. Touch system is very good. Fitness app is very good with complete analysis if my exercise amd cardio etc. rotating part of watch is very satisfactory. A smaller size for female users will be a good change. 100% recommended', "I have had the Frontier for 3 months and in that time there are 4 scratches on the glass. The functions are OK but you would expect Samsung to try to have a tougher glass. I followed up and Samsung advised me it is no problem. This is suppose to be a watch for activity and not just display so make it for that and don't hide behind the name", 'I got it with the samsung Galaxy 8 plus, quite good. Track your daily steps, call your family/friends, easy bluetooth connection, listen to music, play games, track your heart beat maby more apps to download from store. Its a mini smart phone on your wrist or a mini pc I should say....', 'It has to be the worst piece of technology there is. Brought mine is Dec 17 and had no complaints for about 2 months but then battery life started to reduce. In March 18 full charge will last only few hours which was somewhat resolved by factory reset (charge lasted a day max instead of 2 in the first few months). This saga continued till 1st week of July (battery life will progressively reduce and then factory reset will improve it somewhat).', 'Did software update in July and all health app related app related functionality was gone. Will not track anything. Handed in for repair 14 July 18 and was told motherboard and battery had been replaced. Worked ok for 2 weeks when another software update went through and then the gear completely refused to pair with phone. Went on to their forum and did everything their good for nothing technicians were telling people with same issues to do -no luck', 'Handed the piece of crap for VOC assessment and told the lovely officer at one of their stores to keep the piece of crap (need refund) He was very helpful and sent it for assessment. Headoffice called and said there is nothing wrong with the gear and I was stupid enough to have turned the bluetooth off on gear. Told them that this was done intentionally to make the piece of crap work stand alone but they will NOT listen. Asked the rep to allow me to a supervisor and was told he is the ultimate authority to make the decision!!! (talk about dictatorship!!!). I offered them to keep the piece of crap and display in their head office with the caption that this piece of crap only worked for 2 months but that is too much for them to do. Apparently it is coming back ((as phone "disconnected" and in view of the reps attitude decided not to call back)  but I have got no confidence in the piece of crap and will likely donate to someone.', 'You pay top dollar and you get an absolute dog of a product and then you get treated like crap by their so called "head office". Store staff are stars though and only thing good about SAMSUNG. I am changing everything SAMSUNG I own.', 'So if you DO NOT want any misery in your life; stay away from this product.', 'UPDATE', 'Apparent watch has been fixed and I have been receiving text messages for last 2 months to pick it up. I was told it will be TFP (trouble free postage) in case watch is returning. I have not gone to pick it up (& am misery fee) because I am hoping someone at the Samsung Store will read the paperwork and realise that they are meant to send it via post. I have lost whatever remaining faith I had in this organisation.', 'The s3 classic is a perfect match to my s9 plus and virtually you can do anything that a mobile phone can do!Answer calls and text on the go! After owning this smart watch for 12 month i am still impressed with the long lasting battery that can last for four days and at anytime  you can download new watch faces that are cheap and impressive .use as a fitness trackee link to your Samsung health! I would be lost with out it!If you are thinking of buying one shop around first and weigh up your options before buying and if you decide to buy the Samsung S3 gear classic highly recommended', 'This watch is the best one out there right now especially if you have a Samsung phone. I was really excited to get this as soon as it came out and it does a very good job too. My only thing is, my wrist is way too thin so the watch itself was a bit heavy and looked bulky on me. Otherwise it is really the best smart watch.', "It's a good watch (especially if you have Samsung phone assign to it)- Long battery life - I had mine for about a year now and it still lasts me about 3 days- Perfect substitute for mobile phone - any calls./messages/notes - you see them straight away and can either respond/ignore/decline with one move of a finger- Pay option is a handy tool if you are into that- It's not that great with counting steps/any other exercise activity. But then again, it was not designed specifically for that (like Garmin or Fitbit watches)- The watch is pretty bulky. I love that it looks like a proper watch, but it's SUPER heavy and lacks band options (from actual Samsung store)", 'I purchased the Frontier based on its looks and the glossy internet sales. In short I bought the hype because I know someone who has one and loves it. The features on the watch are all there as advertised however they are not really functional as follows. The heart rate monitor only works if the watch is uncomfortably tight or you stop mid exercise and push it up against your skin to get a reading. It cannot be left on to do continuous reading as it flattens the battery within 6 hours. The watch face does not come on when you want it to but glows all night in my sleep. Admittedly the latest update may have fixed this.I downloaded the speed app but it has never been able to locate a satellite to give my speed and is a waste of time. As for Samsung health and the watch being able to recognise when i am exercising - this is a joke. The sleep and steps apps however are excellent and I do like the fact that I have been able to answer the phone on my watch and look like Maxwell Smart.Finally the watch faces indicate they are customisable however this only really relates to the colour of the screen. I downloaded a watch face and again they were quite disappointing and struggle to compete with the default faces. I certainly would not pay for a watch App as they are even more disappointing. Finally I managed to purchase the watch using discount vouchers and credits from other Samsung purchases. I think if I had paid full retail price it would have been extremely disappointed.', 'Watch does not meet expectations and the battery has never gone any longer than 30 hours without charge.', 'Good products, I really like this products. Good quality products. It is great feature from remote, camera. Its operating system is android OS. Its work performance is really great. I hope this products is every body love it. I am very happy buying this products. Thank you everybody. All the best.', 'I went to europe and wore it everywhere as it has amazing battery life. tracked my steps and weather update was great. It allows you to change the watch face without using your phone nad you can put your watch face.Look forward to getting new bands . I will recommend it highly!!! I have samsung phone too.', 'This watch it’s nice and classic I just wear it everyday to work and sleep can’t live without it omg it’s got a warranty I went to Samsung store to pre order this and they send me this beautiful classic watch it’s perfect for any one that you would give it to', 'The Samsung Gear S3 classic pairs smart tech and fitness tracking with a very stylish classic styled appearance.It is full of great features form remote camera operation to fitness tracking, call taking and text and emailing.Its totally customisable such as ringtones, face displays to music playing.love this watch would recommend to buyA+', "I got this watch 3 months ago and I couldn't be happier. Seamless connection via Bluetooth to my phone. The battery last 3 days also it tracks my sleep , exercise and other health things. I can also make and receive calls and text messages via it and use it as a GPS.", "I love my watchz especially when I'm always on the go I can just talk and text via the watch. Can hold charge for 3 or 4 days which is great. Wish there was more variety on the app store of face changes. Comes with 1 year warranty which is great but could be better with 2 years.. overall great watch and better then my old Apple watch.", 'At first reiw, it is nice looking, when tried it with connecting the phone. Everything runs good so far. Also the samsung pay function is cool eough. I choose a black frointer one, with a replaceable belt inside and a warrantlyAnd  statement. Looks professional, Apperaciate it.hope to see more update function can help to improve our daily life.', "I was after a smart watch that can be used at work to get notifications and answer calls and monitor my steps. Samsung gear 3 meets all my expectations.It's very easy to use, screen is very nice and clear, rough look perfect for my work, reasonable price too. Very happy", 'The Gear S3 Frontier smartwatch is a great tool for those who like to experiment with new tech and want to avoid always grabbing for their phone. However, my experience with the Gear S3 was a little lacklustre.', "When I got the watch, I was unaware the operating system was Tizen 3, not Android Wear, and there just aren't any decent apps developed for Tizen watches. The watch was an excellent timekeeper, heart rate monitor, timer and messenger, but that's all it's really good at.", 'Battery life was very nice, lasting as long as 5 days without recharging, however with certain preferences changed, battery life was reduced to around a day and-a-half.', "Overall, it's a great watch. But that's about it. Just a watch.", "Its features are great and easy to navigate through. Tracke your walking and you can send messages and see who's calling and can speak through it instead of being caught holding your phone. It's an awesome watch to wear comes with it's own charger and literally can use it every where either at work or at home if your phones on charge", "Excellent time piece. Easy connectivity on the go. Wish the battery was of bit bigger capacity but lasts enough for a day. Charging it during peak Sydney summer can be bit tricky as it'll not charge as expected until the environment cools down a bit. Comfortable to wear and operate.", 'Keeps me well organised. Reminders & events are synced from phone otherwise I can punch it in using watch. Helps you to keep track of health as well e.g. it checks your heart rate. Style-wise, it would be nice to have a variety of other styles. Current styles look a little masculine.', 'I will be bias here because it is one of the greatest gifts that my hubby got me. He has tried to pick up his A game since getting it but cooking me dinner makes me happy too!I adore this watch and I tell everyone how much I love it to the point where my fellow nurse buddies have bought it for themselves or their partner!', "Positives: answering calls on the watch is so convenient especially when exercising and my phone is in a gym bag or fitness bandSo many apps that are so convenient.Everyone is banned at work from using their phone so it is nice to glance at my watch to briefly read messages ensuring it's not an emergency!Interchangeable bands.Easy charging stabd that you just slip the watch onto before going to bed.I love the apps: skip songs on your phone, timer, stopwatch, auto detect workouts, step counter, change face of watch.You can wash your hands without worrying about ruining it. As a nurse I wash my hands to the point of cracking my skin and my watch remains fine. Also once I jumped into a lake and freaked realising I was still wearing it. It turned out fine! I was in there more than 5 mins mind you. Didn't think it could make it but it did.", "Negatives: Just wish it didn't make my wrists look smaller than they really are.It will lag like crazy if you do not update it when it needs to.Battery drains faster over time which is normal just hate that it drains so much when I do workouts.Not worth getting with an apple phone due to apps are mainly compatible with andriod app store.", 'Definitely needs more apps!!!', 'I love every product from Samsung. I have used every wearable from samsung this is the best of every product i used. I wish it was little bit bigger as i have a big wrists.love the rotating mechanism. Very useful.original wrist bands are bit expensive though there are many clone products available.', "This watch was a birthday present and has changed the way I use my phone. With my phone battery getting old and losing charge, I don't want to get it out of my pocket and turn the screen on all the time to find out what notification I'm being told about now! The watch allows me to do this at the flick of my wrist. The call feature has revolutionised things for me too. I use it as a hands free when I'm driving and as a loudspeaker when I want other people to hear a conversation.", "My complaints are that the settings and menus are tricky to use and set up. I spent a lot of time setting it up how I wanted it which means using your phone to configure it. When I got a new phone all my settings were lost! I had to start from scratch with the companion app on my phone. That highlighted that it is only an extension of your phone and not a device that can operate well untethered. It connects to the WiFi when you're phone isn't near but this is rarely useful. There are lots of apps available but I'm struggling to find any that work as advertised and actually improve my life. Lots of gimmicks and watch faces. I am finding that in the last 3-4 months it has slowed down incredibly. I push a button and wait 5 seconds before it responds, just like old Android phones. It's less than a year old! I'm tech savvy and I'm not sure why, I can't even imagine how frustrated someone who is not feels about it. This is especially annoying when you just want to know what the time is. In this area it really falls down. It's sometimes quicker to get your phone out than it is to get your watch to respond. And there's plenty of apps that it doesn't show the time in. You have to exit the app to tell the time and God only knows how to get back into the app quickly. Showing the time should be a permanent feature of a watch. The watch flick feature is also frustratingly unfriendly. It seems every time you flick your wrist to turn on the screen it doesn't work and whenever you don't want a bright torch on your wrist illuminating the environment - or right in your eye when you're trying to sleep, it works! It's annoying having to have a free hand to press a button to tell the time.", "I've realised I spent most of this review complaining about the watch but it is really a revolutionary product. I do need to spend time to work it all out and set it up again how I like. I feel that if research why it slows down or hard reset it I'd be happier with it but I just don't have that time to put into my watch. I just want it to work.", 'There is so much potential in this watch you just need to invest the time to unlock it.', "This is my first smart watch and I'm impressed. Although I read there were some problems with syncing the Samsung Gear S3 with iOS devices I've learned to live with them and a very happy user. After first turning on my watch it connects quickly to my iPhone 6 and will show me emails and texts etc, but my minor irritation is that the weather won't always update via the same initial connection. Sometimes I need to go to the app on the phone and connect and then the weather updates. My other minor irritation is that occasionally the watch will think I am talking to it (I guess it hears something which triggers it) and it asks me to repeat my request (or something like that). It usually happens in meetings and I just press OK on the screen and it stops. Otherwise it is great, heaps of free faces to choose from, keeps me across my meetings and appointments and the battery lasts 2 days or up to 4 if I turn it off at night when I get home. Very happy with my purchase.", "This device is great potentially the best smart watch that is on the market right now. However its fatal flaw is the cost. It's very expensive compared to other branded smart watches and it does pretty much the same as every other smart watch. It has great features such as the ability to answer calls, make calls, answer and send text message aswell as making payments with samsung pay.", 'Definitely would recommend for those with a good amount of money for very high return.', "This watch is slow and not as functional as I was hoping. I ended up leaving the screen always on because half of the time the screen on gesture didn't work. Integration with Google isn't great and I should have checked out google watches first. Overall I don't recommend this watch. It's handy to check notifications instead of on your phone (which is why I bought it) but even then it is too slow.", "Handy to have, reduces the frequency of me pulling my phone out of my pocket and therefore the likelihood of me dropping my phone. It's not something I would have bought but I got it with my phone and I've found it pretty handy to have so would likely make sure I have one from here on out. Battery life is good (3-4 days) and it's pretty robust. Unfortunately they are not waterproof therefore I had to buy a cheap waterproof watch for paddle boarding etc. Great for taking calls and controlling music, you can even download your Spotify play lists to it so you don't need to carry you phone with you while running etc.", 'Downside is that the charging is a bit flaky sometimes though unplugging the cradle and plugging back in seems to fix it.', 'This watch replaces so many gadgets. Phone functions (take calls, send and receive texts as well as emails), fitness tracker, gps nav, music player just to name a few. Interchangeable wrist bands to change aesthetics based on personal style or occasion. Long battery life. Comes beautifully packaged and makes the Perfect gift', "I have no complaints whatsoever. It's perfect. Have been wearing it everyday for the past year, and I'm extremely happy with it. However, I eventually opted for a g-shock and stopped wearing it because I needed a tough watch to be able to handle some shock. Although the build quality of the Gear S3 is really awesome, it can scratch a little easily if you, say, bang your hand on a wall while walking.", "I bought a Samsung Gear S3 over a year ago and it was working well, very happy with it. Until it stopped charging properly and the 'Back' button stopped responding.  It was sent back to Samsung as it was still under warranty, and I have been told that it has extensive water damage and they will not cover it under warranty.This watch has NEVER been used in water - at the most, water might have splashed on it when washing hands in the sink. It is used extensively on the golf course and as an accessory when travelling to/from work. That is it.Samsung has advised that there is a water 'trip' inside the watch to indicate if it has been used beyond it's waterproof rating, and on my watch, this 'trip' has been activated. I tried to explain that, since I cannot PROVE that I have not used it in water, that they check the overall condition of the watch - the leather strap, fittings, etc - to prove that this watch has not been submerged in water. I was told that technicians only look at the inside of the watch, not the overall condition.I have tried to explain that, as I know for a fact that I have not used the watch in water, that there is something faulty on the watch (faulty seal?) that allowed water to come in even when the watch is not submerged.  Basically, Samsung's reply is that it MUST BE user misuse, and could not possibly be a faulty device.I am extremely disappointed as I am an avid Samsung fan when it comes to my gadgets.  There have been instances where I had damaged my phone, and as I know that this is my own fault, I have never tried to claim otherwise.  There ARE people with integrity. And to pay $580 dollars for an obviously faulty watch, and Samsung to not accept any responsibility on a their part is just very disappointing.Maybe time to switch to Apple....", 'The smartwatch is really good I can send text messages from it and receive calls battery life on the watch is very good I like the fact that I has a digital watch option instead of just being analogue comfortable to wear the band on it is comfortable I would recommend this product to my friends and family', 'Bought as present for hubby. He wears it almost 24hrs. Recharges fast. Tracks everything and more. Practical. Stylish. Modern. Goes with everything with interchangeable bands and faces. Gps tracking. easy to find lost phone. Ultimate gadget. Love tracking sleeping patterns. Steps. You name itCons would be good to have camera.', 'Overall in love', 'I purchased this product just prior to Christmas in 2017. I was reluctant to spend $500 on a product which could turn out to be a novelty and not as useful as Samsung seems to make it sound through advertising.', "I'm happy to say that after owning it I have used it constantly and have no regrets about the purchase at all. I find it useful for being able to walk around the house without your phone in your pocket and not miss out on any important calls or messages. It's also the same when in public, hearing your phone alert you and being able to check it without pulling it out of your pocket is super convenient.", "It works great as a controller for any music you are streaming, especially if you're streaming from your phone in your car you can just rotate the bezel to skip forward or backwards.", "The operating system and applications available still have a long way to go to reach the full potential of the watch, there's a very limited number of useful apps.", "Whilst I have found the watch to be tough and definitely waterproof, I have had an issue with it being worn during intense physical activity that puts a lot of shock through your wrist, such as tennis. The screen distorted and was unreadable, although turning the watch off and on again fixed the problem. The heart rate sensor doesn't like it if your have sweaty wrists either, so it's not the best for getting a reading whilst doing heavy exercise.", "I have found the battery life to be good, I use the watch with the display set to always on and it lasts me about two days, when it isn't being worn the display automatically turns off and can last for almost 4 days when using it on this mode.", "I found this product to be worth the money for anybody with a Samsung mobile in the market for a smartwatch. It's the perfect companion. Although as a standalone watch there are better options out there.", 'It looks like a regular watch and I really like the way it looks but it is so stealth. I can make calls on it. You should have seen the looks on my parents faces the first time I took a call on it - they thought I was acting.It is really handy to get my notifications just there on my wrist and it has an excellent fitness tracker too. The only real downside is that there is another bit of tech to charge but I really like it and it runs for ages just in watch mode.', 'I love analogue watches but since buying my Samsung frontier watch I have not worn anything else. Great for counting steps and taking calls. So many more features like controlling Spotify & Samsung music. A few issues with 3rd party faces but other than that no complaints at all. Owned a year & battery still great life!', 'Great Watch. great battery life as promised. i love the way it is designed, it looks cool in my hand. Although, it would be better if it had more features than it currently has. i also like when  tells me to get active every time i sit for longer that 1 hr.', 'I find the watch a great addition to my phone, and saves me getting it out all the time. I have been impressed with the battery life (get 2-3 days), which was more than what I was expecting. Visibility in daylight is passable. The watch band could be larger however, as I am on the one of the last 5 holes, on the larger included watch band.', 'Nit great found ut useless no point at all in it.I think that watches like this are honeslty a waiste of money.But thats my opinion. My daughter also has one asmnd she really was excited to get it and i found it sittibg in the sink last night.', "A very user friendly watch. I had the Gear S and Gear S2 in the past and I was a little disappointed.  After they combined all the features and function together into Gear S3. I can't leave my house without my watch. Best investment I did. The watch is slightly bigger than the Gear S2 so some ladies might found them too big.", 'I bought this for my hubby to wear as he works in roofs and sometimes i cannot get a hold of him as he leaves his phone outside. also gives me peace of mind if he gets in trouble he can male a phone call from his wrist. Only doen side is the strap gets itchy', "This watch has been very handy for me, specially when i didn't have Bluetooth in my car, i can answer the call while driving without any distraction.", 'Top of that it looks like a watch than wearing any gadgets. Totally smartest watch in the market, which can do lots of things.', 'I love Samsung Gear S3 Frontier because I can now answer calls and reply SMS using this watch even if my phone is a bit far from me (usually in other room).  I never miss a call now because every time I get a phone call, the Gear Frontier vibrates on my wrist.', 'I also like to use Samsung Pay with this watch.  I no longer need to hunt for my credit or debit card to pay.  Just use this watch and all done.', 'I also use it for making notes, checking my calendar/ schedule/ appointment, weather, fitness tracking, etc. Very very useful when travelling.  Great for alarm clock, timer, stopwatch, calculator, etc.', "It's such a time saver gadget.", "Because of the heavy use of cellular phone, it was uncomfortable to take out and purchase, so I think it is more practical than ideas and function, so I do not think it is too expensive. I would strongly recommend that the groom buy me one, too.Don't worry about it. Buy it.", 'It was a big step for me to get the samsung Gear S3 but i loved it from the start, as soon as i got used to it it is a great wearable watch. now i am used to it i can see where improvements would be good. Make it slimmer and make other apps than samsung more user friendly. Battery is great', "As a massive fan on Samsung, I was very excited to purchase the Gear 3 (Frontier) with its buff guy designs, it replaces my Gshocks. Being water resistant is a plus (just don't go swimming), with an abundant of faces to chose from, I literally have a different face for any occasion.", 'Got this along with my note 8 during Christmas. The build quality is superb and it compliment your Samsung phone amazingly. It can keep track of your calories and mine has a build in LTE thus I can make phone call easily. Overly amAzing ans would recommend to everyone with a Samsung phone', 'I received this watch for Christmas from my Husband after my poor Fitbit Surge had finally died. This watch is great and very stylish compared to the old fitbit. The only negative would be that the watch face is very large on my small female wrist. I do love everything else about it though.', 'This is one of my favipourite smart watch as it consists of a very portable design that allows for very convent calling on the watch without calling while holding on to the phone. It is also very convienent as I can store music onto the device without bringing my phone outside', "We've just bought one of these for my son and it's so impressive that I've been pinching it to play with. It does EVERYTHING. I love its fitness features but I guess they could be compared to many fitness watches. What sets this apart as a smartwatch is that it does many things a smartphone does. You can even watch YouTube videos on it. Okay, the screen's a bit small for that but you can't deny it's impressive. It syncs with Apple, Samsung and Microsoft devices, too.", 'If you have a Samsung phone, it ties into many of the features of the phone.There are a lot of useless applications available for free and purchase, but if you mostly use it for checking messages or health related activities, its fine.', 'Soooo many watch faces to choose from too.', 'Those old enough to know who Dick Tracey is will appreciate being able to make a phone call with the watch acting as microphone and speaker.', 'I bought this Samsung watch so that I can check text message during work. I only rated 3 stars as there was crack when it was still new. I then did some research and use marker to fix it. Besides, I receive notification when I receive new emails, however, I am unable to read the emails context using this watch. It will be great if I can read emails using it.', "I love this watch, it has all the features you're looking for. It is a good daily companion for work, or excercise. I had no trouble to use it with a non Samsung mobile phone. The only trouble I have is that it wakes up frequently and disturbs both me and my wife.", 'Was looking around for my first smartwatch and naturally selected this Samsung gear watch to pair with my with Samsung S5 via Bluetooth.  Step counter is very accurate and can take the odd splash of water.  Samsung Health is a very useful app to add friends and family to have friendly competition with.', "This is just a review for the screen. I had a screen protector on the watch and I was cranking this lever and i let go and it hit the watch and there was a huge crack in the protector but the watch was mostly fine except a small crack in the edge of the watch by the 35. Honestly worried it's gonna spread and ruin my device.", 'Prior to owning this watch (my partner bought it for me for Christmas), I thought smart wear was gimmicky, and a waste of money. After owning this for over a year, I recommend it to any consumer looking for - less screen time on their phone - easier way to view notifications and call on the go - and a nice looking watch with customisation for the watch faces.', "I love the fact that it looks and feels like you're using a normal watch, until you look to use the extra inbuilt features. Its a very handy and is great for helping keep me organised at work, looks nice as a fashion accessory and the battery lasts alot longer than some of its competitors.", 'Bought at southland shopping centre, sale person really helpful and explain the function of the watch, classic design suits most of my outfit, can be casual or formal, connect to my Samsung phone perfectly, easy operate touch screen, monitor heart beat and calories when I do jogging, take photos, it is a mini multi functional computer which can wear on your  wrist, love it!! Plus, battery last much longer than Apple:)', "Amazing watch, and so glad I made the switch to the smartwatch world. I really can't go back to a traditional watch. I love that I can see emails and notifications at a glance, and can even pick up phone calls. Awesome features and would definitely recommend for anyone interested in a smartchwatch", 'I started with a Sony SW3, Moved to an iphone therefore apple watch, on to a Moto 360 v2 and finally a Samsung gear s3. This is the best of all of them. The auto detection of fitness activity works really well and quick. It doesnt have many apps but I think youll find you wear smartwatches for notifications not apps. It has a spotify app which you can download music to meaning you can run without your phone. Great smart watch', 'Maybe wait for the new model., Major Con - No waterproof mode, for the same price it would be better to get an apple watch that you can wear swimming or in the shower. Battery life ok (2 days). The bezel sometimes gets stuck so it can be difficult to use.', "Great Smart watch which compliments Samsung smart phones very well. Only downside is the lack of banks supporting Samsung Pay. The Tizen operating system has some ways to go; but what it does, it does well. On rare occasions has the odd battery overheating issue when charging but it doesn't appear to have affected the battery life.", "This product is amazing and somthing I can't live without.  When I first got it I didn't think all the fetures would be necessary, and while some of it is a bit stupid (watching youtube on your watch) most of it is great. Sending and receiving messages and notifications is great. All the normal fitness features such a step count and heartrate are there. It gets 3-5 days of battery life depending on what your doing and the spin bezel is the best way I've seen to interact with a smart watch, overall, a great product with a hefty price.", 'A very simple aesthetic look on the wrist. It is something you can depend one when you forget your wallet smartphone or your card because the option of tap and go is as simple as a flick of the wrist. The use of the watch notified me many times of when a call is coming through and gives me the option of rejecting or accepting the call. It is a smart watch indeed.', "Perfect all round. Great for taking calls when the phone isn't handy. All notifications etc fully accessible. Weather, messages, and fitness trackers are my favourite.The bands are swappable with ease.Samsung Voice control could be improved slightly, the response is very delayed and hardly ever works most of the time.", 'Happy with the watch has needed functions and easy to use i recomment it to all strongly......get it as its worth the money u spend.samsung is the best so far since been purchased,i am using galaxy s8 and all the gears with it....extremely happy to have it and getting it sync to my daily routine....', "I pre-ordered this and had it as soon as it was launched, since then it hasn't been off my wrist. I have a small wrist and was a bit concerned about the size, but it doesn't bother me when I'm wearing it. I use this for everything, tracking workouts, setting my alarms, times, email notifications and even answering phone calls. To be this is the perfect smart watch.", 'Will definitely be upgrading to the S4 when that finally arrives.', "I really enjoyed the features on this watch and it was very easy to use. Wish they had a more female friendly version of the watch as it is a bit chunky. The watch was pretty heavy which is what I didn't like about it... It is understandable given the amount of features stored in there... battery life could be a bit better... I was charging every 2nd day at best.", 'Never running with it. Stylish and easy to use and durable. Great for tracking fitness as well as daily usages. You can count number of steps, check your heart rate,  Pick up calls at ease.', 'i have note 8 so they complement each other, one of the only smartwatches with always on display, so it looks like a mechanical watch and not a smartwatch unlike other brands such as apple.its water resistant, it has NFC, you can change the bands and the watch faces as you wish.note that you can find them online much cheaper than retail price!', "I love my Gear S3 Frontier and it's textured buttons, it's great screen and the clicky bezels are so satisfying but it drops a star due to 2 issues/minor annoyances I have with it.PROS - Great screen, Wireless and Quick charging, 4 day battery life, comes with both Small & Large band (I got a bonus free red band from Harvey Norman, running promo - comes in size Medium and is perfect for me. Sold for $40 elsewhere)CONS - two gripes I have is that the battery lasts just short of a working week, and it changes dramatically - one day it can drop 12% and the next it can drop 30%. The other one is when you are calling someone and are connected by Bluetooth it automatically makes the call go through your watch - this is exactly what I don't want to ringing my bank!!", 'All in all, highly recommend. The red band looks awesome as well. 9/10.', 'The goes amazing well if you have a Samsung device, in terms of synching data. However with its own operating system, you might have not have as great of experience as it really shines when you have a Samsung device with the great cross over apps. Limited apps compared to android wear. I do prefer the round design and rotating bezel compared to square shaped smart watches. Overall a bit of overprices at the current  price.', "The more I explore, the more I like this thing. Great addition to Samsung's lineup. They should consider adding a camera to it, and that would make it a full function device...Samsung had a unique approach when they first introduce their Gear S line. From their large, curved Gear S, to the slimmer, curved Gears S Fit", 'Really ideal gift to electronic gadget lovers and for exercise freaks..... No surprise that why this is a best selling Wearable-Tech in the electronic market. I would definitely recommend it for students, professionals and someone who wants to monitor their progress in gym/fitness.....   Best part of it is battery life and functionality......', 'I purchased this samsung gear s3 watch about 2 years ago and it is still running strong. Without making a call with the watch you can actually last for about 2.5 days of the battery. many functions from the watch and you can monitor all steps and heartrate. highly recommended to everyone.', "Really handy to be able to receive calls and notifications without getting the phone, however is quite thick and large on moderately sized wrists. Tizen operating system means that you won't be able to install android wear apps which are used by almost all other smartwatch manufacturers. Price point is also not very competitive.", "I have been using this for over 8 be months now and this is fantastic little device. I switched from fitbit flex to this so the advantage of having a screen is so much better. In addition to fitness tracking, i get constant notifications from my phone. And i can speak to someone without having my phone with me. How 21st century cool is that? The battery life is amazing too. A bit bulky and heavy but that's ok. Overall very happy with the product.", "It runs Tizen so android apps don't work, but you just need the basics for a smart watch really. The battery life is fantastic and I get 3 days easily. Other smart watches don't even last anywhere near as long as this. Frontier looks professional as well and no proprietary watch bands required *cough apple*.", 'The Samsung gear s3 is a great addition to any watch collector. The watch face is immaculate with clean pixels and vibrant colours. Much improves from the previous generations. The battery life is substantially better and more practical. Apps run smoothly without hesitation. Highly recommended for anyone who loves tech!', 'the most complete smartwatch out there and undoubtedly the best looking one too!beautiful design and premium feel, one of the only smartwatches with always on display, so it looks like a mechanical watch and not a smartwatch unlike other brands such as apple.its water resistant, it has NFC , you can change the bands and the watch faces as you wish.note that you can find them online much cheaper than retail price!', 'What I love the most is the design of the watch. Its like a real watch, not many people will know it is actually smart watch.', 'You can make a phone calls with it, play music, browsing internet, your fitness tools and etc', 'The battery is great too. About 3 days long.', "Such a great Smart watch as I wear it everyday. It has alot of features and apps which are great but some down falls are that it runs Samsung's own Tizen software and I feel it doesn't get updated as much as android wear. Also the battery is another negative issue where I would have to charge it every day .Other than that it's great purchase", 'I have three other nice watches and barely wear them anymore because this one is so good!', "Receiving and managing notifications is just the start of this watch. The ability to use Samsung Pay and not have to worry about carrying your wallet around is great. I also love being able to store music on it and connect bluetooth headphones to the watch, it's great for running and not needing to carry your phone with you, all while tracking your run. I've found the GPS to be quite accurate when running and tracking activity, however, the heart rate monitor can be slightly off occasionally if you don't wear the watch tight.", 'It is on the slightly pricier end of smartwatches, but is definitely one of the best smartwatches available. I recommend it to every person that comments on it (which is a lot)', "This is a great smart watch and you will no longer missed out phone calls or messages due to the notification on the watch. Sports function is a little twitchy though. The heart rate monitoring doesn't seem to work well with outdoor cycling but it is fine with runs and workouts.", "What can I say?  Fantastic quality time piece with modern sleek feel.  The screen is sharp, crisp and bright encased in a beautifully crafted stainless steel design.  It has a heart rate, exercise monitor and GPS for the health fanatics.  It also has a barometric and altitude sensor for the hikers.  The rotating bezel rocks a bit when tapping on it, but barely noticeable.  Overall, sensational purchase.  Mine is 1.5yrs old now.  Can't wait for the S4.", 'I purchased this samsung gear S3 frontier about 1 year ago. It is a really really good watch with lots of features. This is particular useful for those who wants to monitor your daily steps and heart rate to keep you healthy. Highly recommended to buy this for everyone who wants an advanced smart watch', 'I use the watch every day and I love it. The battery last long and it records everything well. You can pay with it through samsung pay, you an use GPS and play music. It is a great buy and super handy. The band is not too tight or too sweaty.', 'As a member of the human race, this watch should be a requirement. It seamlessly connects to my phone (Galaxy S8+) and will let me know everything I need pronto. The Samsung pay is a must and is fantastic for surprising cashiers and parents alike. It also lets me know if the atmospheric pressure has rapidly dropped for some reason.', "I have been using it for over a year and can't really complain much. It automatically captures the activity after 10 mins have lapsed, since the start of the activity.", "Sometimes there's a bit of a delay in receiving notifications. Overall I am happy with it. I have used Fitbit in the past. Fitfit has much better statics/ reporting features when compared with Samsung health though. Plus Fitbit has much wider user base so competitions are more fun. After Fitbit, I moved to Garmin Vivoactive. Garmin's battery lasted forever (almost 20 days) whereas Samsung gear's battery lasts for 3-4 days, which is still better than Apple's.", 'I did face this issue, where the watch stopped detecting motion. I took it to Samsung store at Highpoint and they fixed the issue in few days.', "Overall it's a great watch. The construction is well made and there are plenty of cheap watch bands that you could buy off ebay to make it look trendier.", 'It so useful. Especially when you can attend the call and pay by your watch. Samsung pay is great, as you it can be used even when android pay pass is not accepted. It works al most all over the world. Also very durable and water resistant. what else do you want.', 'stylish and easy to use. I would recommend this product to anyone who is tech savy and those who want to try something new, staying away from traditional watches. Great for those who health conscious. This watch has all the features/apps to get you updated with all your Dailey physical activities.', 'I have been using this watch for over a year now and I was skeptical at first on whether it was a smart purchase or not but I love this watch more than my previous watches. Tizen was a bit problematic at first but with the updates it has gotten so much better', 'Perfect watch for people who want to care for there health. You can count number of steps, check your heart rate, Bp, You can set your exc goals.. Simply PerfectYou can have n number of Dial themes and can buy straps separatly in different colors. From Classic and Frontier. I persnly like Frontier the most because of its look.', 'I received the Samsung Gear S3 classic for Christmas and was quickly impressed by it. It looked great, had a very simple interface and worked well. But within about 3 weeks of wear, the top button fell out. No bumps, no hits, it literally fell out of the watch. Now the retailer it was purchased from (The Good Guys) says Samsung has to "review" the watch before it is either fixed or replaced. Not great for a 3 week old watch. Hope Samsung gets it\'s act together on quality or you are luckier than I am if you get one!', 'I initially chose this watch because it was the most normal looking smartwatch I could find, but the sacrifice of functionality for aesthetics was not worth it.I have had a series of smartwatches and fitness bands and this is by far the most poorly constructed and poorly integrated wearable I have had. Compared to an LG G Watch with Android wear, the Gear S3 is terrible at even basic functions like navigation and receiving notifications. Notifications are inconsistent and only reliably work with Samsung\'s poor bloatware. Navigation uses a terrible system that is laggy and will not get you where you want to go.Finally, and perhaps most disastrously, the waterproofing is not robust enough to manage sweat. I would ride my bike home with this watch, but Samsung claims this means the watch was "used in an abnormal manner." The watch entered a rebooting cycle that they could not fix, and in the process of attempting to repair the watch Samsung made it entirely defective.', "It's sleek, it's advanced, it's user friendly. It's a second phone. It has huge improvements over the previous Samsung watches such as the battery life and other features. I highly recommend this watch as it is one of the best out in the market at the moment and you can't go wrong with it.", 'The Samsung Gear 3 Watch is the latest smart watch from Samsung the watch has all the same features as the Samsung Gear 2 the screen is bigger and features are good I would highly recommend the Samsung Gear 3 the watch is easy to set up with any Samsung mobile phone', "This smart watch is just an extension of my phone and it's so simple to take a call and make a call! Also gives you a glimpse of a message so you would definitely know if it's important or not!I owned the first Samsung watch and saying now the new gear s3 is such a major improvement. Battery life is much longer and the appearance is more life like as a real mechanics watch!I would give it 5 stars if the watch had a camera feature!", 'Stylish and smart. I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband and wish I had kept it for myself.Very user friendly and easy to sync with the Samsung Galaxy phone.It is so much more than a watch!  Notification of all SMS, emails along with set applications is perfect for a busy person. Never miss a call or email again.', "I have always been a samsung fan and wearable tech has always fascinated me. I was previously using samsung s2 classic and i was quite satisfied with it. Samusung s3 being it's succesor i expected a lot more upgrades than just screen size change. The battery is not as promised and i could nt use android pay. its pretty useful to read notifications quickly and answer or reject calls. But i think an advanced fitbit kinda thing would be better and cheaper than this only for this purpose.", 'Firstly, let me say that much of what the watch does is brilliant. I wanted a multi-Timezone watch for when I travel - tick. I want to measure my activity - tick. BUT my real shock and disappointment is with Samsung Pay. I can’t get it to work, and doing Google searches this is a common fault. WORSE the watch uses the 4.3 operating system  rather than 4.4 which is needed for Android Pay.So, bottom line, i’m sold on wearing a smart watch, just not this one. I’ll probably sell it and buy the new Android LG that uses Android Pay, because paying with my watch is something I really want.', "Very happy with it. Have had it on for almost 8 months and it's a great investment. As a business owner it help greatly not having to reach for a phone in a pocket just to see a message or email. And in loud conditions it makes it easy to see if someone is calling.", "Great watch! Really like how you don't need to carry your phone together with your watch while you run. This watch is great for exercise, other features like messaging and emailing is an added bonus. Works like a fitness band but with added features, which you can wear it daily. Totally love this watch. The price is also very reasonable.", "I wasn't sure if I wanted a smart watch but bit the bullet and got one when I found a good price and I wish I had done it sooner. It does everything I need it to and even more. The battery life is amazing and being able to change the bands is great.", 'Does everything you expect a smart watch to do (and does it very well) , works perfectly with the Samsung ecosystem.', 'Downsides would be that the watch only supports apps through the Samsung store, in which the majority of the apps are paid! Compared to the catalogue of the Android wear apps it is a pretty big shortfall. As well as the AU version not including the LTE chip.', "The main reason I bought the watch was because of the effortless Samsung pay functionality, Samsung pay is leaps and bounds above any other tap and pay method however I haven't been able to fully test it because most banks in Australia have no support for it (on no planned support for it yet).", 'Other than that, very worthwhile purchase.', 'Seriously if you are using and Android phone, this device is the best to pair it with. You can get up to 3 days use on a single charge.', 'You can send text, answer or make calls. You get plenty of notifications. Choose plenty of free Watch faces to download to customise they way it looks.', 'It is definitely one of the best smart watch you can buy.', 'Got this about a month ago, had the Gear S2 before this but this is soo much better, NFC for payments is far better. It makes a small beep when getting text but can be turned off. Screen is slightly bigger. feels more accurate when touching screen. Thicker than the s2 may put people off.  Definitely worth a purchase if you have a galaxy phone', 'I love the look and build quality. The glass is very scratch resistant. The leather band is high quality and looks great with the watch face rim. The battery life could be improved. I love the selection of free and paid watch faces. Lots of customisable options. Samsung Health is a great app and I love the ease of updating apps and changing options using my Android phone.', 'It has pleasing aesthetics, sporty look, tons of watch faces to choose from, integrated into IOS, reasonably well.  There are also many options for wrist band to customise further.  A little overpriced to run useful apps like weather you need to run the S3 app in the background on your phone.', "I've had several smart watches, and this is by far the smartest. Its so intuitive to use, and easy to access functions. I really like the ability to tailor the watch faces, with different functions.  So my watch face always shows my heart-rate, date, time of next sunset or sunrise, and weather. Taking phone calls is a breeze, as is checking appointments, and sending short SMS/email replies. My phone can stay connected to the watch even when the phone connects to the car, so all seamless.The only minor gripe is that the Gear App on my Smartphone causes my phone to reset every day or two, when being used with the watch. The wireless charger works very well with a full charge in about an hour.  I compared this watch to the Tag Connected, and the Samsung has better functionality and battery time (about 3 days) and at 1/5 of the cost, representing very good value. I am yet to use banking and to try the bracelet (less than $20 on-line) in place of the rubber strap. I have used it to record sleep patterns too, although its just a bit large for sleeping with every night. I really could not be happier with this item.", 'I love this watch. It got everything what u can wish from a smart watch.  It looks fabulous and easy to use.', 'I liked the way this watch is presented. It looks much better than apple watch or any other smart  watch available in market. You can customize this Watch in many Different ways . You can customize Wrist band straps as per your personality or your outfits. The watch faces can be downloaded and easily installed.', 'It works better than fit bit. You can track your fitness levels and plan your targeted workouts.', 'Best part is that you can make phone calls, reply to messages and emails from watch. You can download weather, music and news apps. Most of the Samsung applications can be downloaded on this watch. This watch basically replaces you phone.', 'And above all - IT TELLS THE TIME TOO !']