"x"
"1" "Okay so I did a ton of research before buying this. It had awesome reviews & I even had people I know say they loved it. Here are my thoughts.1. The battery doesn¡¯t last long, especially on max power. I get maybe 6 minutes on Max & about 15 on ¡°power saver¡± if I¡¯m lucky.2. Works great on hard floors, I don¡¯t recommend if you have a lot of carpet. My house is about 70% carpet & this doesn¡¯t pick everything up unless it¡¯s on max power. Which I then run into the time limit problem..3. Is great for cobwebs & ladybugs in hard to reach places. My arm does get sore after a few minutes because it¡¯s not as light as a normal vacuum hose.So here¡¯s my end review, I like it, I just wouldn¡¯t use it as my main vacuum.3 Stars because it¡¯s overpriced to just be used as a dust buster. For $300, I expected much more. "
"2" "Big disappointment, I have this device for about 3 weeks, it stopped working after 2 times of use only! The Dyson support is a joke, it takes them forever to respond and after 3 weeks of emails now they asked me to take the device to a service center. I don't have the time to deal with this anymore. returning the device to Amazon. this is not the level of product and service I expected form Dyson...and from $300 product. "
"3" "My parents bought a large corded Dyson, almost a decade ago, and I thought it was ridiculous. The price, bulkiness, clumsy gimmicks, combined with average performance gave me a bad impression on Dyson. However, a few months ago, I decided I needed a good lightweight vacuum to clean areas my Roomba can't, and my Dad highly recommended this model. I was apprehensive, but my brother also has a newer corded Dyson and assured me it was nothing like the monstrosity my parents one owned.After using it for a few months, I have to say, this is truly a different kind of vacuum. It has the power of a corded vacuum, but is quieter than any corded vacuum I've used, and obviously way more portable. From the unique him that it makes, I feel like I'm in the future when I'm using it.Additionally, I really like the trigger system, so you have fine control over the energy consumption.Furthermore, I initially thought the bin emptying mechanism was a silly gimmick, but it turns out to be really genius, because it scrubs any debris from the filter interface, so you'll never have to manually clean the bin. "
"4" "4/4/18 UPDATE:At the beginning I thought it was an ok overpriced vacuum, now its not even that.Vacuum has VERY WEAK suction, all hoses are clear and unclogged and still the suction is not even enough to pick up bread crumbs from the ground. I'm very disappointed in this \"suppose to be\" high quality vacuum.I empty the canister regularly after each use, charge it after every use but still it doesn't work as should be, I always have to go over with my big Shark vacuum. It's a waste of time using it. I'll post a video shortly how weak the suction is.Not worth it, don't spend all this money for this vacuum. "
"5" "We have been watching Dyson commercials for years. Many times we thought about buying one but didn't. Suffice to say we should have made the purchase years ago.This vacuum is everything that it is advertised as. It picks up everything - especially hair. It is easy to empty and charges relatively quickly.Only con: There is literally NO warning when the battery is going to die. It will simply 'stop' when the battery is to low. And I don't mean slow down, it STOPS. The first time it happened it was alarming. Regardless it is a wonderful tool and we plan on purchasing the next size! "
"6" "Awesome vacuum. Sweet spot for me price wise. It has double the power of the V6 but much cheaper than the V8. All around this seems to be the best priced model value wise. I was skeptical and researched quite awhile before deciding. This thing is soooo convenient. My apartment is much cleaner now just because I can just grab this thing and fly over my floors rather than hauling out the vacuum cleaner and having to plug it in three different places because the cord doesn't reach. The swivel is just genius.The suction is really good. One thing to know that on max suction the battery only lasts 6 minutes. This wasn't obvious to me when researching. Otherwise, it lasts 20m on normal mode or 30m for handheld at regular suction.The handheld attachments are nice and way easier than using a dusting cloth. It has been a game changer for me.Some minor complaints is that it feels weird pushing this on my carpet. My carpet is low profile and suited for it, but it doesn't roll smooth like on wood floors. Maybe this to be expected, but much different than a regular vacuum. Not a biggie though. On the wood floors, it's a champ. Another minor complaint is that it doesn't tend to get bigger particles. I think because it sets so low, it tends to push them. This can be worked around by lifting it and sitting it on the particle. It's not as strong as a plugged in Dyson, but for me it's perfect and worth the trade off. Max suction is pretty decent though and I can drag my bar stools via the suction.However, If you hit a totally flat surface where it can't breath it will cut off a brief second -- not sure if it's by design or not. Maybe it needs just a tiny bit of airflow. This only happens when cleaning my bar stool tops though -- because they are super flat perhaps.I highly recommend this product. "
"7" "I am SO angry about this product. I received it today, and was SO excited about it, only to be crushed as I start to open up the box more.I start taking out each piece and start to notice a smell. A familiar one. The smell of mold and mildew. EVERYTHING in the ENTIRE product box stinks!!! Including the vacuum itself. I see no water damage, but it smells like it was sitting in a water damaged warehouse, with mold growing out the wazoo, for like a year.It works great. It's a nice vacuum. The way you have to hold it while pressing the trigger was a little painful for my hand. But aside from the conditions that it was kept it, it seems like a great buy.When I tested it out, the smell was super strong again, like it was because it was blowing air through the smelly filter.I am so grossed out that I will be buying a NEW filter for my BRAND NEW VACUUM, WHICH IS SO RIDICULOUS!!!!I smelled the box that it was shipped in from Amazon and that had no smell, which leads me to believe it's 100% on the seller. I will be going to a real store to purchase my new filter to be assured I don't come across the same problem.#gross #disappointed #WAYTOOexpensivefortheseproblems "
"8" "I like everthing about the Dyson Vacume, but i don't like the fact I can only Vacume on high suction for less than 10min!!Make a freaking better battery, it's not that hard!! I called Dyson customer service the other day and the girl told i have to keep my vacume on low suction in order to get the 30min, and if i have it on high suction it only goes 10min. <U+0001F61E>I can't believe the so called best Vacume in the world only has a battery that runs for 10min!! Even on low pressure it dosent last 30min "
"9" "Product is faulty. After proper charging this vacuum does not work. It will turn on and run for about 5 seconds and then a \"green\" light briefly appears before the unit shuts down completely. This happens on a brand new machine. There is nothing in the operations manual about a \"green\" light in place of the normal \"blue\" light that indicates charging status. Call to Dyson to request replacement two weeks ago has resulted in no action.Call to Dyson today revealed no record of my initial call. I was now given a UPS return number, and must go to a UPS store to return the unit to Dyson. This is a great inconvenience. I have owned the device since November 10th and have not been able to use it. I cannot recommend this product and am disappointed in the Service response that I received from Dyson. "
"10" "This is an amazing device. The suction is as good as my old, corded Dyson (from 2006). It's light. The fact that it's cordless is awesome--I didn't realize how much fighting with the cord on my old vacuum contributed to making the chore of cleaning onerous. The battery lasts in normal cleaning mode more than long enough to do our entire downstairs, over 2000 sq ft. Because it only runs when you pull the trigger, you're not wasting battery life when you move from room to room, so the total time I spend cleaning is longer than the battery life. The attachment for stairs is excellent. It works equally well on hardwood floors and carpet.I did purchase the fluffy head attachment for hardwood floors, but the bristles on the regular head that come with this are pretty soft and I don't think I would have needed the fluffy head for my hand-scraped hardwood floors. If you have polished hardwood, you might have a different experience.Overall, I think this is well worth the price. "
"11" "I bought Dyson motorhead V7 from Amazon on May 18, 2018. Just after 3 months later, I started getting terrible odor(smell) from the cleaner. It smells so bad and I don¡¯t even feel like I cleaned my home! Now I cannot get rid of that smell! Moreover, for a couple of days I cannot remove the cyclone and the bin part, I can¡¯t even open the lid and can¡¯t clean inside! So I cannot use my vacuum cleaner at all! I`ve been emailing back and forth with the customer support but they don`t help at all! I paid more than 300$ and now it is just a garbage. So, if you buy and something goes wrong with the vacuum machine, you will get no help!!! Stay away. "
"12" "I always wondered what the hype was all about for Dyson vacuums. Now I know. I just traded in my heavy, corded vacuum for the V7 Animal and wow am I impressed! Didn't lose suction, and had enough battery life to take care of about 2000 square feet in one go, with multiple stops to empty the dirt cup. I also love how convenient it is to store. "
"13" "Very weak suction. Battery does not even last 5 minutes. "
"14" "Seriously, this vacuum is the best! Getting a 32 year old guy to be overly excited about vacuuming is a true testament to product marketing and ingenuity. I ran out of things to vacuum at my place so I contemplated asking my neighbors if I could vacuum theirs so I had an excuse to keep using it. Worth the money. "
"15" "Don¡¯t spent you hundreds of dollars on this crap. A $69.00 drill has replaceable battery options so you can keep working. A $19.99 dustbuster has an on off switch.This has none of those simple things.I used to have a major crush on Mr. Dyson.Now, I am so sick of having to recharge when trying to get a room done I¡¯d divorce the the bastard if I could. "
"16" "This vacuums & picks up dust and trash amazingly well. But the switch is poor design. Makes sense that for it to operate , I must keep finger on switch. But that quickly caused a callus on my finger. But my main complaint is understanding how to clean the filters which apparently is required. I¡¯m very frustrated. OK. Follow up. The seller contacted me & helped me get past my frustration trying to get filters out of machine to clean so my focus now is how does it vacuum. It¡¯s great & since the debris that gets picked up is visible, I am always amazed. But I¡¯ve been using an Electrolux for 50 years with wands & powerhead, etc. This portable Dyson is just for quick broad areas & I love it for that but it¡¯ll never replace my Electrolux for getting in corners, nooks & crannies. "
"17" "Loved it. I was nervous since it was \"used-acceptable \"But the price was significantly lower than new. It's in excellent condition and with full warranty. Would do amazon warehouse again. Vacuum works great cans with all original parts and packaging. Very light vacuum, good suction "
"18" "Battery is toooo short, and it doesn't work even I used only three times. "
"19" "How does one write a review on a vacuum? It really sucks! No, I mean it doesn't suck. Well, I mean...I'm not sure how this vacuum got anything but 5-star reviews. It works just like the video in the product description. It's lightweight, easy to use because it's cordless, attachments click on and off simply, no bags or filters to change, it's easy to store on the wall hanger, but best of all, it is has SUPER POWERFUL suction. I've never experienced a vacuum like it, and, sad to say, I've experienced many vacuums over the years.It's still new to me, so if anything changes, I'll update my review.BTW, I almost didn't buy this vacuum because I read some of the less than stellar reviews. Then a good friend told me how much she loved hers, so I went for it. I'm so glad I did. Makes me wonder if those people who wrote bad reviews are real. Or, perhaps they work at competitors? Or maybe there was a bad batch manufactured. All I can say is my experience is nothing but excellent. "
"20" "Dyson as seems to share standard business model with all well known British luxury brands. Think Jaguar and Land Rover. In summary, all initially high performing, high functioning, and attractive to the customer. But thats where the positives end. Including Dyson, they are poor durability and short longevity. Everything is proprietary; nobody else can manufacture replacement or aftermarket parts and service is tightly controlled.My experience, having been drawn in by the performance now three times is that Dyson carefully designs in obsolescence just beyond the warranty period. Each of my Dyson vacuums have lasted only months beyond the warranty. All of failed multiple times requiring warranty service and parts. Failure points are ridiculous things like wheels and switches.In contrast, slightly lesser performing or feature rich brands Ive owned like Eureka, Hoover, and Bissell all lasted for more than a decade. I still have fully operational Hoover and Bissell from the early 1980s.Most frustrating about this V7 cordless Ive just purchased is that is looks identical to my failing V6. So it would be reasonable to expect that all the accessories that I purchased for the V6 would fit the V7. No, they do not. Every single part of the V7 is slightly different size or slightly different design for absolutely no functional improvement. So everything needs to be thrown away and re-purchased for the V7. I guess Dyson is good with the environmental impact of all the perfectly functional accessories tossed into the waste stream just to boost their follow-on profits.Final issue for me with this brand new V7 is the fact that it only runs for 3 minutes longer than my old worn out V6 and with only barely perceptible improvement in suction.Im feeling like the best option is to return the V7 and purchase a leftover or refurbished V6. "
"21" "I have pets. That's why I bought this model. So I need the Max setting to get all the fur and dog hair. Unfortunately, on the max setting, the battery only lasted seven minutes. I can barely vacuum one room in seven minutes and, since I really take little pleasure in vacuuming, I like to do at least a few rooms at once (and get it over with). On the regular setting, it only lasts 20 minutes (although I haven't timed it on this setting yet). I called Dyson and after a 15 minutes with one representative, she disconnected me. so I called again and the second person at least had the courage to say that's just the way it is with this model; short battery life. Bottom line, only but this vacuum if you have a very small living area to vacuum or you like to take several days to do a one day chore! "
"22" "We've owned this vacuum for 2 months and I am very disappointed. At first it worked great but now it has stopped working completely because the battery will not hold a charge. For the price of this vacuum ($300!) I thought I was buying a quality product that would last us for many years. Instead I feel taken advantage of. DO NOT BUY this vacuum!! It is a complete waste of your money. The $50 Dirt Devil that we had for 4 years before this one worked much better and lasted several years for a fraction of the cost. Sadly the Dyson broke just days after Amazon's \"return window\" so I think I'm out $300. So frustrating and irresponsible of both Amazon and Dyson! "
"23" "Just what I wanted. Very efficient low noise and so light. I use it if I drop anything. Before I used to getThe broom out well not anymore. It is easy toEmpty and to clean.It has enough autonomy that I can clean my 1300sq foot appartement in one go. I rarely use the strong suction Just on mats where my cat sleeps to pick up the hair and on the cat trees.The only downfall is that the other elements are not attached to the core of the vacuum so sometimes I have to stop it to get the other brushes. But this is a very minor downfall. Also you have to keep you finger on the button to keep it on. "
"24" "This review is based on only one time use so I can't yet say how durable it is, but going from a 30 year old corded vacuum to this Dyson cordless is a dream!It's super lightweight and easy to operate.The trigger pull on/off is perfect for this application. You can save a lot of battery life by not running it while you move around.My wife loves the fact that it's so cool it motivated our teenager to use it!It's got a powerful suction.. . Like really. It picked up a ton of lint and dirt that our old one missed.The canister is easy to clean, just hold it over the trash and pull the red lever.It comes with the wall mount so you don't need to buy a separate one. "
"25" "Really good suction but product description says it lasts up to 1 hour but it doesn't last more that 10-15 min. Also you have to hold down a power button the whole time you're using it. I really don't like that feature for the money you're spending. It's 2017. Put an on/off button on the vacuum. "
"26" "Super powerful suction (2 options for the suction regular and super) and very easy to set up. Lightweight and am shocked at how quite it is! Battery life is pretty good - but doesn't last long with the super suction tuned on (about 10 minutes). My only issue is the power button. To use the vacuum you have to keep the button held manually the entire time. Not like most vacuums where you press the power button and it turns on, press again it turns off. For the price it's def an annoyance. I read the reviews but didn't see it mentioned, had I of known I would have gone for another vacuum. Not so much of a pain to return as the vacuum is great. But be aware of the power button as this would cause issues for someone with arthritis or weak hands. "
"27" "My husband and I recently purchased our \"forever home\" & were finding our little $20 vac a hassle. Chasing the cord. Saw a Dyson salesperson in Costco & fell in love with this vac, but price checked on Amazon... it was $30 cheaper. Even the sales guy said, \"that's a good price - get it!\" So we did. Love it. Since purchasing we've convinced my mother in law & brother to buy one. Both have larger homes so they opted for the larger model, but everyone is in love! Great quality! "
"28" "DO NOT BUY USED. I mistakenly bought this product in \"Used\". Actually: \"Condition: Used - Very Good - Small cosmetic imperfection on top, front or sides of item. Item will come in original packaging. Packaging will be damaged.\" To review:1. Cosmetic imperfection? None. Except the fact that whoever used this thing and returned it vacuumed up wet pet hair and throw up. The entire thing is encrusted with dried pet hair and stinks like vomit. Clearly no one at the warehouse looked at or tested this thing. They just threw it back into the pile and marked is used. Whoever returned it should be banned from Amazon.2. Original Packaging? Yes. Packaging damaged? 100% The box was ripped to shreds. I'm surprised there wasn't any damage to the vacuum.Overall, I believe this to be a wonderful product when new, but slightly out of my price range. I opted for the \"Used\" option and was regret it a complete 100%. I've learned my lesson not to trust Amazon's assessment of used items and I will never buy a used product from Amazon again and will defer any possible purchase to another third party or straight from the manufacturer. The vacuum is in the trash. I couldn't stand the smell of vomit. "
"29" "Easy to assemble. Quick charge. Light weight for a small female. Amazing job picking up dirt. I¡¯ve only had for a week, I will let you know if quality change. "
"30" "I love this vacuum. I had a lower end Dyson stick vacuum previously that needed to be replaced after four years of daily heavy duty vacuuming (kids, husband, dog). I upgraded to this model (mostly for the longer running time) and LOVE IT! The way you empty the collection bin is greatly improved. I'm being a little nicer to this one, hopefully it will last longer, but I use this to do the whole house (hard floors and area rugs). I'm a total dyson convert now. "
"31" "Love it!!! I have a regular Dyson ball vacuum for my thick carpets; got this for laminate and tile- my goodness, I use it every day, lightweight easy, gets under most of the furniture and easily between and around tight spaces. Picks up my lab-mix dog hair w ease, will last 20 minutes on the light suction and picks up easily- deep suction will only run 7-8 minutes but I don¡¯t need that much suction usually:-) Regardless, I love it and do a bit here and there w it daily. "
"32" "Little over a month of light usage, the power button start intermittently chocking the engine on and off (during constant pressing). It happened within a first 5 minute of usage (after full cycle of charge). The problem seems to be cured by switching between high/max suction button.Good suction, but not that good reliability. Quite disappointed. "
"33" "This vacuum is fine. I¡¯ll put it that way. We bought this vacuum about 6 months ago to replace our bigger corded vacuum that decided to stop working. At first I loved this vacuum because it was so convenient. Then after a while the battery life got annoying at only about 7 minutes on max power. We have since bought a different vacuum from a different brand and we love it much more and it picks up a whole canister of dust left behind from our Dyson. We are still keeping this one for convenience on quick jobs like cat litter and dining table crumbs.Pros:ConvenientVisually appealingSmallThe attachments make it easy to get hard to reach placesCons:Doesn¡¯t clean as well as you thinkNo warning when the battery is about to run outThe battery doesn¡¯t last very long "
"34" "Within 3.5 months, and 5 uses, it broke. The build quality feels really cheap plastic. Since it barely outlived the amazon A-Z warranty I¡¯m stuck dealing with incompetent dyson support. It has been over a month since I was supposed to receive a replacement part. They don¡¯t seem to care that I was told I would get it in 3-5 days. And once I DO get the part, I have to do the repair. Not really sure what other vacuum options there are out there, but I¡¯d look elsewhere given the price tag on this. I was excited for this purchase, but have been completely dissatisfied and disappointed.*UPDATE*They shipped my replacement part to the wrong address, and are telling me they have no way of expiditing the shipment of a new replacement part. Now I have to wait 2 more weeks (probably more since they ship it the cheapest way possible). It has been over a month, I guess I have to go buy another vacuum to clean my place with. Dyson, if you¡¯re reading this, you should be ashamed at how poorly built your products are and how awful your support is.Buyer be ware.*UPDATE 2*39 days later I finally have a working vacuum again. "
"35" "This Dyson darn near replaces all my other vacuum cleaners in the house! It's so light, manuveurable and easy to empty, it's REALLYworth every penny of its price! Shoulda bought this a LONG time ago....... "
"36" "Coming from someone who owns a husky, this vacuum has been a game changer!!. I was worried the battery life would be an issue. But 30 mins of continual vacuuming is a lot more than you'd think. Have a 2700 square ft house and it does the job great. I would reccomend emptying it once though. Mounting comes with screws and all of the tools are great. "
"37" "This has literally changed my life in that I can keep the house easily clean without dragging a huge heavy vacuum cleaner everywhere. Well worth the price! "
"38" "Was at first thrilled with the Dyson V7 for its light weight and ergonomic design. This is supposed to be the vacuum! We have mostly hardwoods and some rugs. It gets stuck on the rugs (shuts off) because the beater brush is too weak. For anything but loose dust, the \"powers saver\" setting is too weak, and \"Max Suction\" quickly drains the battery. What's more, if it vacuums anything larger than a dust bunny, say some dry fern leaves from the hanging Boston ferns, they get stuck in a crevice in the beater brush, clogging the vacuum hose, and there is no easy way to clean the area out.Our previous vacuum was an ancient Hoover upright that cost $60 new. It was powerful and could really beat the dust from a rug. This thing is lighter and more versatile than that was, but for the price I would have expected far more power and better design. "
"39" "This vacuum works great, it definitely needs to be hung up on the wall near an outlet (the cord is pretty short). Best non-commercial household vacuum I've ever used so far. I haven't cleaned filters yet, only dumped out the belly a few times, so I am still in the infancy of my relationship with the Dyson, however I vacuum all the time now because this thing is super convenient. My only worry is how long will the battery live. "
"40" "I love that it¡¯s cordless but the battery life even on the low setting doesn¡¯t get me through the whole house. It¡¯s pick up power is ok on low but not great. It¡¯s good for quick pick ups. "
"41" "I got this vacuum not too long ago and I'm absolutely in love with it. Vacuuming is fast and easy and the battery life lasts just long enough to vacuum my 700sqft apartment in one go. The downside is the vacuum doesn't edge very well and you need to go over the edges separately with the edge tool. There isn't enough battery life to do both in my apartment.There is less suction in the V7 model than all the other stick models, (and all stick models have less suction than the stand ups) I can tell the difference between the V7 and the stand-up models, but not the other stick models. Vacuum often if you have pets, and a full sized house would need to be done in sections.The vacuum is quiet, the carpet head turns very easily and is great for sharp corners, and cleaning it out is the easiest I've personally seen.What makes this vacuum so wonderful is it's lightweight and extremely versatile. You can add all the attachments to the stick or directly onto the motorhead creating both a full and hand held vacuum. Doing the blinds, vents and lamp shades is extremely easy without hassling with the long awkward arm. You could even clean your car with relative ease.I do wish the stick part of the vacuum could be extended for a longer reach. I'm 5'7\" and the stick causes me to have to bend slightly when the vacuum is extended. The repeated motion is the biggest stressor on my back while vacuuming. I imagine this would only be exacerbated in taller people. One thing to note, it's basically the same height as all other vacuums so this issue is not unique to this one.The thing that speaks volumes for me is how this vacuum has made all the difference for my back. When vacuuming with the older Dyson ball animal model my back would hurt for 1.5-2 weeks and I couldn't do any lifting for fear of tossing my back out. I avoided vacuuming as much as possible. Whereas with the V7 Stick it's a breeze and I only feel some back pain for the remainder of the day. I'm perfectly fine the next day.The battery life has ended up being a positive for me because it stops me from overdoing it on the vacuuming. Once I start cleaning- I generally don't stop until every possible thing is done, but the vacuum shuts off before I can overdo it.All in all the positives are extremely positive and the negatives aren't too negative.TLDR:Positives:Battery life, lightweight, extremely versatile, quiet, Vac head turns easily, cleaning, good for back injuriesNeutral:Vacuum heightNegative:Battery life, less suction than other models, poor edging "
"42" "Ok This vacuum is by far one of the best buys I have ever purchased. I have neck and back issues and needed a lightweight vacuum. Well I can't understand how quiet it is and works so fantastic. I can run it and put it in and out of the charging cradle with one hand. I just love how everything is designed, you can tell a lot of thought went into each and every aspect of it. It goes under objects with ease, picks up along edges great. A lot of the reviews said it would need to be emptied a lot at first, and yes it did. It pulled the dirt up so much more than my previous sweeper that I was embarrassed to think my floors were that dirty. I truly am sold on this vacuum, I was skeptical but boy did it show me. Thank you Dyson for making my life easier. "
"43" "I purchased this for my mother because it looked easy to use and lightweight. It works very well. It's amazing how much debris is in the collection cup after using it on the carpets. It has a lot of suction for a battery-operated vacuum. It isn't very noisy. Extremely convenient. The wall-mount dock isn't a charging station. It's just for storage. Stored in a closet or in the storage dock, you plug the charger into the battery near the handle. A couple of things to remember: 1. Using the 'Max mode' setting makes the battery discharge very quickly. Used constantly, it will heat up the battery and could damage it. The 'Max mode' setting is only for as-needed. 2. Disconnect the long tube before you empty the collection cup. It just makes it a lot easier to empty the Dyson. Pull up, push down, and close the bottom lid. Easy. The cordless Dysons are fun to use, convenient, and work well. The only drawback is Dyson's high prices. "
"44" "I bought the Dyson v7 cordless in May 2018 and had problems the battery within a few months. Customer service will do nothing for me and says the warranty is for manufacturing defects, what ever those are and would not even know how to prove. They make you wait a very long time on phone, probably hoping you will hang up. I might as well have thrown $300 in the garbage. "
"45" "Let me start by saying, I have owned this vacuum for over a year. This is, hands down, the worst vacuum I have ever owned. I was super excited to get this as my wife very much wanted one. I'll insert the part here where SHE decided to buy a $79 Bissell because we can't actually vacuum the house on a single charge. It lasts about 25 minutes on regular suction and 5-10 minutes on max suction. The filter constantly clogs which causes it to start and stop constantly, especially on max suction. I took it to our local Dyson store to address these issues. The people at the Dyson store were super nice and very willing to help, I will give them that. I was told that my battery life is normal. The service tech showed me a trick not in the manual for cleaning which entails removing the soft filter from the plastic\"skeleton\". That did seem to help the starting and stopping but it's doing it again and the filter is clean. The joint where the wand attaches to the actual vacuum unit feels like it's going to break at any moment. It has not broken yet but I'm afraid to treat this like any other vacuum for fear of breaking it. The roller needs taken apart regularly to keep it moving at optimum speed. The small soft brush attachment is virtually useless with the amount, or lack thereof, suction. I cleaned our house with the new cheapo Bissell immediately following using the Dyson on other rooms.... it picked up a half canister that the Dyson did not. I really expected a much better product for the astronomical cost. This has to be the most high maintenance vacuum for such a poor return. I wish I could return it and just buy 5 Bissells to last me for life. "
"46" "I read many many reviews on the Dyson V7 before deciding to purchase one for myself. I bought the Dyson about a month ago and waited until now to post a review on it so I could have a chance to really see how it was going to do over time. I use it about 3-4x a day. My main reason for buying a stick vacuum was because I have back issues stemming from an accident and having to bend over and use a broom and scoop to sweep up quick messes was becoming a problem. We have hardwood floors throughout our home with 5 large area rugs. We have a cat and he tends to drag out cat litter all over the floor. The Dyson V7 works really well sucking up the cat litter. Some of the pieces of cat litter are pretty big pieces and it sucks it up no problem. Every once in a while it might take two swipes over the bigger pieces but not every time. I use it on the higher setting in the room where the cat litter box is and on the lower setting throughout my house. Lower setting definitely lengthens the time of the battery. Don¡¯t expect to get more than about 5-7 minutes using the Max setting. I alternate between the settings as i need to and I even turn it off if I¡¯m not actually trying to vacuum something up and just roll it where I need to go then turn it back on. That also seems to lengthen the time of the battery. I can vacuum my 2000 square foot home in about 10 minutes alternating between the two settings. The Dyson V7 also vacuums well over my area rugs. I love the handheld option of the vacuum as well. I use it frequently. The vacuum has very good power and charges within 4 hours. I¡¯ve even had to use it before the battery was complete charged and it stayed charged for a good length of time. Emptying the canister is quick & easy also. I can usually vacuum several jobs before having to empty it. Another good point worth mentioning is it will not lose suction as the battery depletes. It will suck at full power until the battery dies. So when the battery dies, it dies. I¡¯d rather it do that than lose suction as I use it. Overall, I¡¯m very satisfied with the Dyson V7. "
"47" "I hesitated to buy this vacuum because of the price, I really considered the Shark, but when I tried to buy the Shark the company wouldn't ship it to Hawaii!! So they lost my sales and I'm glad I got the Dyson instead, because not only did they ship it to Hawaii, it works really well especially the ball swivel head on the floor nozzle. You can get into anywhere and the suction is great! The bin emptying method is kind of messy, make sure you put the machine inside the rubbish can before opening it, otherwise you'll get fine dust all over the place. "
"48" "I don't know what all the fuss is about with these Dyson vacuums. Sure it does the job, but the marketing department in Dyson seems to excel rather than the engineering.The pros for this one:- It's lightweight. Pretty easy to maneuver and vacuum a smaller apartment - exactly the reason we bought it to replace a larger Shark, anyway.- Can be laid completely flat to vacuum under sofas, beds and other hard to reach areas.The cons:- Battery life. Even on a brand new battery that had charged over night I couldn't get anyway closer to the advertised 30 minutes of suction. Even on the lower wattage setting I could only get about 10 minutes.- Roller brush is always on. It would make more sense to have an on-off switch for the roller brush, so that you can vacuum on different surfaces, but that is not present. It's always on, so if you have a long haired or fragile rug this is not the choice for you as the brush will pull out the strands.- Bad \"trigger\" design. This button is slanted downward so that your index finger rubs against the side of the housing. It gave me a blister after about 10 minutes of use. "
"49" "I have a tiny house so the battery life (which is about 15 minutes on the stronger setting) is not an issue. But this thing is amazing. I noted what another reviewed did and before I donated my old vacuum I ran it around the house. Then I used the new one and pulled up a gross amount more dirt and dust that was left behind. "
"50" "So I write this review to put all the bad ones to shame. This is the best vacuum I have ever used. I¡¯ve you are contemplating to get this vacuum, I highly recommend it. I¡¯ll never go back to anything else. It¡¯s built well, have great suction. As you can see in the picture, it picked up a lot of my 2 dogs hair (1 big dog, 1 small dog), and also mind that 2 days ago I had my carpet professionally cleaned, now i¡¯m questioning if they even did a really good job. The vacuumed picked up a lot from my carpet, and I only vacuumed for a couple minutes. The only ¡°possible¡± negative I have is I wish it had a longer charge, however, I know what I signed up for by buying this one and not one that claims it lasts longer. All in all, I 100% recommend this product. "
"51" "This may be one of the best carpet vacuums I have had. HOWEVER, I bought it to vacuum cat litter off my hard floors. And there it fails miserably. I am very disappointed. Even in the Max Suction mode. It does not pull pieces of litter next to the wall, or even flat out on the floor. It seems to do ok with bread crumbs in the kitchen. I wish I had known this. "
"52" "This vacuum is incredible! Most of my home is wood or concrete but I do have a few area rugs and a couple of rooms with carpet. We have a pretty clean house - no kids and a non-shedding dog. I was shocked - SHOCKED - at how much dirt and hair was in the bin after the first few uses. The battery life is not amazing but I don't think this is intended to be a full house vacuum. It's really designed to do excel on tight areas and small jobs. It does exactly that. "
"53" "I bought this vacuum cleaner for my mother for Mother¡¯s Day this past May. By November the battery was dead. Three times, dyson sent the wrong battery for replacement. While each customer rep is cordial and apologetic, they still send out the wrong battery again.This is ridiculous. My mother is 73 year¡¯s old and has had to send back 2 batteries so far. This last one is sitting on her dining room table while she waits for the FOURTH BATTERY to arrive with the return label for the third battery.If this fourth battery is yet again incorrect, then I will have to do a chargeback through my credit card. "
"54" "I bought this very expensive cordless Dyson based on the fact that there was suppose to be greater improvement on battery life over their other cordless models. Supposedly up to 30 minutes of power. Well that was a lie. I've had this product for one month and have yet to get more than 6-7 minutes of vacuum life. Then it takes several hours to recharge. It takes me over 2 hours to vacuuming less than 700 square feet of carpet. I'm very disappointed and will never buy another Dyson product. I would not recommend this vacuum to anyone. "
"55" "After reading tons of reviews on battery powered stick vacuums it was hard to figure out what is true and not true.This was the 2nd stick Vacuum I purchased from Amazon. The first was 4 star rated, and I found it was a total waste of money.So, I decided to give a Dyson a try.A short and full review of the Dyson V7 Animal vacuum is that it is worth every penny!It has outstanding suction lasts the advertised 30 min on \"standard\" suction and does not get plugged.I do not know why it has all the negative reviews that make you wonder if you should purchase it. But I have found it to be awesome! The attachments work great, use one to dust the windows and trim and the motorised floor and carpet head works great.I regards to the Battery life, I found it as advertised and fully capable to clean our 1500 sq foot home with 2 hairy dogs. Disclaimer. We have only one area rug, the rest is hardwood floor, so lots of carpet might impact the battery life.The only thing that would make this the perfect Vacuum is if Dyson would have a replaceable battery like on a Dewalt tool.If it had that, then I would give 5 stars.Bottom line, Don't be sacred to spend the money on this Vacuum. It just works and works flawless. I have found in life that most products are not \"perfect\" and the Dyson V7 is not perfect. But it is a great Vacuum for the money. "
"56" "This is my 5th dyson and 3rd cordless. Had the V6 motorhead which i loved but i was too rough on it and cracked the main piece 1 month after the warranty expired. So i decided to purchase the V7. Its just a fact, this company keeps on improving and this model is definitely an upgrade from the V6 in terms of operation and design. Very impressed. One of these days Dyson will add a light on their vacuums which I think is something that all vacuums should have, but if you are looking for a cordless vacuum, buy this one and be done. You don't need any of the other attachments, etc. that come with the other ones. Sure its a little expensive but so worth it. "
"57" "I'm done with the cheaper cordless vacs that need to be replaced in a year or two. I got my new Dyson V7 Motorhead yesterday and I love it. I like that it is light weight and powerful. Unlike most cordless vacs. I have RA and found no problems maneuvering it. This one has the motor on the top of the handle which makes ease of movement. I found I had very good control of the floor brush going where I wanted it to go. Went from floor to rug with no problem. The wall mounted charging dock is convenient and takes up little space, also holds 2 attachments. I have mine in my laundry room. Another feature I like is, the power button is on the handle making it much easier to turn the power on and off. It has 2 speed, High and Max Suction. I did my whole house on High (1600 sq. ft.) , with wood floors and area rugs. Did a fantastic job. And I have 2 cats. I clean everyday because of the cats so I need a reliable machine. It has a very easy empty canister. With one pull of a leaver, it is completely cleaned out. No need to touch dirt at all. I have a Dyson canister for almost 5 yrs and still love it. Besides the central vac system I had in my last house, this is the best vac I every had. I know I will feel the same about this cordless. I will be updating as time goes on. "
"58" "This is my first Dyson vacuum and it has so far lived up to the hype. Taking it out of the box, it looks so small and you can¡¯t help but think it¡¯s no way more powerful then a corded vacuum. But it is! It picks up the same, if not better, then your standard cord vacuum. The real selling point for me is the lightweight aspect. This can easily be taken up and down the stairs ( and vacuuming the stairs themselves). As someone who has a shedding like crazy Corgi, a cat and a toddler, I vacuum everyday. I am able to do my downstairs and up stairs on one charge. I also love the way this moves from carpet to hardwood floor with ease and works great on both.The only thing that might be a negative thing is that you must keep your finger on the power button while vacuuming ( a trigger type button). This is great for saving battery life when moving from space to space but if vacuuming for extended periods, ones hands could cramp. Especially those who have issues already.I liquid highly recommend this vacuum and it is worth the extra money for sure since it is much better then other vacuums out there. "
"59" "I have always liked the Dyson Products. They flat out Suck. Literally. The suction is amazing on this little portable and it is so stinking quiet, something other portables lack. It took awhile to figure out how to get the basket open to empty the vacuum but once I did, it's perfect in that sense.The problem is the battery life is just plain horrible. I cannot do a room. This thing is good for about 15 minutes and then a three hour charge cycle. If using in short bursts fine but if you are vacuuming furnature, carpet or a lot of floor space, give it a day because you will be charging more than cleaning. This needs a spare battery and an external charger as an optional purchase. "
"60" "Very durable, very convenient... not very powerful, and the battery life is sooo bad.I read the reviews before buying this, I mean it is an expensive a$$ vacuum, so I knew that the battery life wasn¡¯t anything to write home about, but seeing as I live in a 1000sqft house, I didn¡¯t think I would have to worry about it.Wrong. I never get through the house without it dying and when it does die, it¡¯s sudden. No warnings, just... dead.Also it¡¯s important to know that when it stops running, sometimes it¡¯s not dead, it¡¯s just clogged.There is a switch to change it from high powered to normal power so that could help the battery life.And you don¡¯t just turn it on and go, you have to pull the trigger the entire time.For the money I spent on this I would¡¯ve bought an off brand, higher powered, more practical vacuum that I wouldn¡¯t have cared had it only lasted a year.I¡¯m stuck with this dyson now, but I¡¯m not thrilled about it.Please let me know if you found this review helpful! "
"61" "First to get it off my chest, the vacuum stopped working after 3 months. It began sporadically stopping and stopping as it run, one time I would give up in frustration, next couple times worked great, then power would go on and off again. Now it happens all the time, and I will be contacting Dyson. (hope I have more luck than some of these folks)On another note, however, when it works it is awesome! Two white dogs that shed at alternate times (reminds me of the vacuum issue) means constant dog hair on floor, furniture, and carpeted stairs. This vacuum took care of that so well, I was in vacuum heaven. Too bad I have to use my old vacuum now which is less than adequate.My DYI daughter thinks it is the switch. But shouldn't happen at all for $300. Is this why the price is/was reduced?? "
"62" "I bought my vacuum in November it hasn't been 5 months and the battery has already malfunctioned. The vacuum itself is great but for the price I expected it to last much longer. I contacted Dyson directly and they are helping me with the issue. Unfortunately I was told that vacuums from Amazon often have this issue because of how they are stored. I wanted to love this purchase but in the end I'm just really disappointed. "
"63" "The order came faster than expected. It also turns out that the reviews about the battery life are correct. However, the batter does last for a set cleaning duration. I've seen people say as long as 30 minutes. I just don't have enough floor space to calculate that much time. Nonetheless, it's a great buy and hoping it will last a few moves so I can justify spending this much on a vacuum. <U+0001F602> "
"64" "battery life is number one problem, only worth a one-star deduction though.function is very good as you would expect from Dyson.If this is your price range and all you need it for is quick little jobs it's probably best out there. Black and Decker one we had broke so I appreciate how sturdy it has been with kids dropping it so much. "
"65" "I've been using this 'sucker' for a few months now and for the most part am pleased with the performance. It's a little more persnickety than I expected - have to empty often and suction degrades rapidly if anything gets clogged in the tube, but I kinda like it. Very maneuverable and versatile. The last time I used it, however, I was shocked..again and again! Seems the charging port (which is exposed when not plugged in) is in the perfect place on the grip so that the palm of my hand covers it while in use. I researched some work-arounds like using tape or a rubber band, but come on. This thing wasn't cheap. If I had known of this issue before I bought it, I wouldn't have bought it. "
"66" "I had very high expectations for this vacuum considering the cost & reviews. Plus, my future mother in law raved about hers. Unfortunately, I'm returning it. Here's my assessment after a few days of using it:Pros:Cordless (duh)Full length extension vacuum suction is pretty goodPretty (i know, hahaha)Cons:Heavy- I actually have a band-aid where the handle kept digging into my thumb and the skin peeled off (yikes)Overall suction power is not that great. In fact, after I went over our living room rug with the Dyson, I went back with my $25 pet hair vacuum and that small vacuum found lots of pet hairs that the dyson did NOT pick up...we're talking about a $25 vacuum that picked up more than this dyson...Power runs out very, very fast. I kept it on max mode because my dog sheds like crazy, and it literally ran out of power in 10 mins. Really frustrating when I'm in the middle of cleaning...plus I have to wait and let it cool down, and then dock it to the charger. really annoying.I have an old cordless vacuum that I bought for $50 that is almost as good as this expensive piece so I'm sticking with that, plus my cheap pet hair vacuum! It's corded but at least it picks up all the hairs. :) "
"67" "I am so in love with this vacuum!!!It has set me free from being burdened with a cord!!!! Free at last!I was able to pick up months worth of nasty stuff that our other vacuum didn¡¯t in just one setting.It¡¯s very quiet, light and easy to use.I was able to vacuum my whole house (mostly carpet) twice and part of the couch under the cushions before it died.It looks like a beautiful piece of art hanging in my kitchen, of course because it¡¯s a beautiful shade of pink ( my favorite color) <U+0001F60A>I would highly recommend this vacuum!!!I have always been impressed with Dyson! "
"68" "It's light, relatively quiet (if high pitched) and extremely convenient to pick up and carry around. It does a good job on dust on bare floors, but for chunks like guinea pig dropping and bits of hay, it's barely on par with the $25 chain store vacuum it replaced. It also chokes on carpets. "
"69" "Like many other reviewers, I was unable to get this to run for more than 5 seconds at a time before the battery light would switch from blue to green and it would stop. Nearly impossible to clean a room in 5 second increments. I tried calling Dyson support several times but never got though. Sometime I would wait for an hour. I tried emailing Dyson but did not get a reply. In those 5 seconds it did pick up dirt and tiny objects. I suppose others have had good luck with this model and the reviews are always positive but I am completely disgusted with this product and brand.Update 4/23/2018: Raised score from 1 to 2 stars - I finally was able to contact Dyson via chat. The agreed to replace the unit. They provided me with an authorization number and I will need to ship the old unit via UPS. Once I provide a tracking number they will ship a replacement.Update 5/10/2018: Raised score to 4 stars. I received my replacement unit. It appears to be operating properly. No 5 second cutouts. It is a quiet vacuum. No one complains when I use it when others are watching TV. It cleans reasonably well. Why not 5 stars? It struggles with objects larger than a popcorn kernel on hardwood floors. "
"70" "I¡¯m a dog lover and my wife is not. Over the years, she has graciously agreed to have golden retrievers¡¦ With the big downside being the amount of shedding. The hair everywhere drives her nuts. Enter the Dyson cordless vac: it has revolutionized pet ownership in our household! We have a nice canister vacuum, but it¡¯s heavy and it¡¯s a hassle to get out. So, that meant we often let hair dog hair accumulate and didn¡¯t vacuum every day. This vacuum is so light weight, so simple to use, and so effective at picking up dog hair, that we take it down from it¡¯s handy wall mount and use it a couple times a day. My wife¡¯s stress level has dropped dramatically! This is a great vacuum and I highly recommend it especially if you are constantly battling pet hair. "
"71" "So I finally dished our the money to buy this expensive vacuum after two Hoover cordless vacuums had broke in the same place after a year of use. I thought the reputation and rave reviews that this company gets would take my money far. Keep in mind, I love spending money, especially if I know I¡¯m buying a quality product.?We bought this vacuum in August. Loved it from the beginning. It had to speeds, regular and max. We have two cars and a toddler, so we¡¯re constantly vacuuming up dirt, food crumbs, pet hair etc. This is also why we have a cordless vacuum.We started using it on Max power all the time because it had better sucking power. Nowhere on the package does it say do not use this setting continually. We noticed the motor getting warm, and my husband also got a blister on his hand from it. We didn¡¯t think anything of it because it only runs for 10-15 minutes at most and we never used it for that long anyways, so we knew that we¡¯d plug it back in and it would cool down.Last week it just stopped working. I called the support center and the agent was rude and blamed me because I wasn¡¯t supposed to use the vacuum on max power all of the time and this was a battery issue. As I had stated before, this is not on the package at all. I expressed my concerns about this product and the quality of the brand as I felt deceived and she said, ¡°before you interrupted me I was going to say that we¡¯re going to send you a new battery¡±. Um excuse me, I believe as a consumer I can express my dissatisfaction or my satisfaction to the person representing the company I¡¯m calling for help.1. Paying $300 dollars for a vacuum is ubsurd and when you throw that cash down on one, you expect it to be pretty high quality.2. A rechargeable battery should not die in 2 months of use period. If they have a high powered setting, we should be able to use it as we please. If that max power button is not intended to used all the time, then it shouldn¡¯t even be a setting. The vacuum should be powerful enough without that setting being available.My husband and I really did love this product until we had this disappointing experience with he hardware and support received. We really felt the bane of Dyson and the price we paid was going to offer us a superior product. Unfortunately we¡¯re past the return window so we¡¯re stuck with it. "
"72" "I love this vacuum! Being an adult is overrated and getting this excited over a vacuum is not something I¡¯m particularly proud of...but it¡¯s pretty cool! No more dragging around a cord and bulky upright. So far I¡¯ve been very pleased with the battery life. Can¡¯t beat the light weight and ease of changing attachments! "
"73" "I purchased this because my mom and sister both have dyson sticks that work amazing. It¡¯s pricey but I thought it would be worth it.It worked great for 2 months and now it doesn¡¯t have the power to use the floor tool. I connect the floor tool and it does nothing. Dyson support told me it was the floor piece, so I bought a replacement piece for $70. Well the replacement piece doesn¡¯t work either. It¡¯s the power from the actual machine that has stopped working. Both pieces work on my sisters Dyson. I literally use this machine now to suck up what i¡¯ve swept with a broom. A fancy dust pan. Looking to replace it and not with a new Dyson. Their support is kind of a joke. You talk to a million different people and they all tell you to try a different thing to see what¡¯s wrong and they are all sure ¡°this will work¡±. Now they want me to send in my vacuum for ¡°inspection¡±. But seriously just thinking about taking the hit and just getting a new vacuum. "
"74" "Dyson advertises so much that I suspected this thing would be more hype than anything else. But Consumer Reports liked it so I took a chance and it turns out to be the best engineering household product I've ever owned! Very convenient to use, easy to clean, not too heavy, brush head seems to pull as much dirt as a corded Hoover WindTunnel. One time I wanted to set it down for a moment - don't you know they had the foresight to make the back end flat, so you can just set it on the floor with the brush head up in the air. No bending down to the floor to get it again, which my fouled-up back really appreciates. Might not be the greatest for hard floors but I do very little of that. Too soon to tell about durability. "
"75" "This is the third Dyson battery-powered sticks we've owned. We live in a motorhome and it is a nearly ideal cleaning tool. We use it nearly every day and that's why we're on our third. Actually, the two older ones still work, but the improvement from model to model has been so impressive that the oldest seems rather dated which is why we just bought this new one. Because we've had three different models of the same basic device, it's impressive to observe how Dyson has incrementally refined the product each time. There aren't a ton of changes between the V6 and the V7 but those changes that exist each represents an upgrade and improvement. Many manufacturer's change models from time to time, but rarely do they do so to implement true improvements as opposed to cosmetic change. There's no question but that Dyson products are a bit pricey, but IMHO you do get what you pay for! "
"76" "This thing had a lot of suction, but only ran with the motorhead at low speed for like 20 minutes tops. This thing stopped working suddenly after 6 months of light use. I have a Xiaomi roomba that runs every other day to pick up most of my dog's hair, and I'd use this stick to clean the stairs and spot clean. Contacted Dyson support after registering the product and being told my warranty was active that they wouldn't honor it bc it's not bought directly from Amazon.> Based on the proof of purchase submitted, the warranty on your machine is not valid because the machine was not purchased directly from Amazon. You will need a replacement battery which is not available to order online.So now I have a $250 brick hanging on my wall. If you wanna buy Dyson, make sure it's an authorized dealer at least. "
"77" "I had researched stick vac for both quality & economy. I purchased a well know brand (hover) kept it two days & was on the fence in keeping. Though the price was right but it failed in all other categories. I had returned the hover to store & wanted to buy the dyson V8. After a in-depth comparison to the Dyson V7 animal. The only difference was the running time of ten minutes. If your serious about cleaning you want to get it done throughly & quickly, 30 minutes on lower setting is more than adequate for myself so I chose the V7animal. I breed & Show Shih Tzu¡¯s owning eleven. The hair is plentiful & vacuuming a daily must. On a 30 minutes charge I just vacuumed the whole house including 3 ceiling fans & two chandlers in my hall way. It still didn¡¯t run out of power. I had used the articulating hard floor head (purchased separately) & ran vac on low setting. It¡¯s almost fun to vac now without lugging around the corded heavy vac which always was a pain. Five stars from the house of Tzu¡¯s. <U+0001F44D><U+0001F603> "
"78" "This thing is the most useful invention I¡¯ve ever had. Need to vacuum your car easily all the way out in the driveway? Dyson can get it done. Need to vacuum hardwood and carpets alike? Dyson can get it done. Corners? Floorboards? Under the bed? No problem! The cordless feature really makes me accountable - I can¡¯t procrastinate. I don¡¯t have to wonder where I can find an open outlet to plug the vacuum in. It also has a fan on it to keep from overheating I guess - but it fans cool air on you while you vacuum which I love because I don¡¯t get hot while vacuuming! The only bad thing about it is the battery life - I didn¡¯t think it would bother me because I didn¡¯t intend on spending an hour vacuuming at one time but when I have it setting out in a room with me throughout the day, it dies on me. What I mean is that I¡¯ll be building a bookcase or something so I have my Dyson next to me to vacuum foam pieces from the box but it¡¯ll die sooner than I expect it to. "
"79" "A pretty metallic pink metal tube attaches floor piece and motor grip together with ease. The V7 delivers on vacuum power. With the body positioned at the grip it is a little awkward at first and can blow air into user's face. On high the air blows warm and the motor whine increases; easy to switch speed from normal to high. You must hold the trigger down with constant pressure for the unit to stay on. The floor piece has great maneuverability and is easy to clean. It takes both hands to move the floor piece into a standing flat position. The canister clearly shows the good job that it did, and is easy to empty and clean. On the small side so clean often. Good for reaching high places, the 2 vacuums in 1 is handy too. Easy storage mount gives it a small footprint and is well designed for the unit plus attachments. This is a good, wellmade cordless vacuum. We returned it as my wife does not like. At 5' tall the motor is positioned near a person's head. It will work better for a tall person with long arms. "
"80" "When I first bought this stick vacuum I loved it. However after only 4 months, the battery died. I called and was told that a one time only replacement will be sent to my house. That was two weeks ago. I called again last week and was told it would be coming. I still haven't received it. My daughter has the same vacuum and hers broke three times! So much for the Dyson name! "
"81" "This vacuum literally changed my life. There are a few products that come along that literally change your life. The IPhone is one of them and the Dyson vacuum is on that same elite list.Light weight. Cordless. Amazing suction. This vacuum is truly revolutionary. The only critique I would add is 30 minutes of operating time between charges is too little. The reason being, you will literally not want to stop vacuuming once you start. You will become a vacuuming addict. It's that good. It's pricey but worth every penny. "
"82" "Worked great on carpet and hardwood floors for about 6 months. We bought this one for our cabin rental (1200 SF). Love the convenience of it but unfortunately we started having trouble with it as I mentioned after about 6 months of use. Usage time (without using the boost) is MAYBE 10-15 minutes if conservative. The brisels on the head that rotate lasted no time but suction was still ok. Then the unit would cut off and on being super frustrating. We thought we needed a new battery. That did not help. Constantly bought new filters for it. That didn¡¯t help. Its lucky I did not toss it in the river today! I will buy another in hopes we just got a dud bc I love it when it works but we will see! We also bought a upgraded version for our home and within5- 6 months it needed a new battery (dyson supplied) MAYBE had a total of 2 hours of run time (bc we have one of those awesome vacuum cleaners we set on a timer) so didn¡¯t have to use it much. I will say..... LOVE the mobility of it and the convenience as already mentioned but unfortunately lacks stamina in a minimum use environment. "
"83" "I bought this for quick cleanups last October & have only used maybe10 times. Totally dead when I went to use it last week. Looked up in the manual & it said if the light flickered red to call Dyson. It did. Called & had to leave a call back number. When they did call back, on the line for 20 minutes, 18 minutes of that on hold. I live in Manhattan (8 million people), the closest service center is in Plainview. Never even heard of it. So they're mailing me a new motor I have to put together myself. This will take 10-14 business days. They have no way to expedite (?????) . I should have paid attention to all the bad Dyson reviews. And bought at Bed, Bath & Beyond, who would have taken back w/o question & issued a full refund.. "
"84" "I really like this product! It is super convenient and made clean up really easy! There are two setting a \"max\" and \"high\". The max setting picks up really well, but will not last longer than about 30 minutes before it needs to recharge again. It does take hours to recharge. The high setting will pick up things on the surface really good and the battery will last about twice as long. I love that it is very light and easy to use! It is great for a quick pick up! I love being able to just grab it right before visitors come over to get a nice clean in the front area of the home. I love that I can run it over my kitchen tile and get a good sweep. I love being able to lift it up to get up into the ceiling. I love that I can use it on my couches to get off the dogs hair. It is also really easy to empty when full. The only thing that I have experienced personally is getting a sore thumb after using it for a long time. It doesn't have an on/off button so you need to hold down a large switch located under the handle to make it run. The handle is top heavy and after manually pushing it and moving it around while holding down the switch it has rubbed my thumb sore. That could just be a personal problem but thought I should mention it. Also you do need to screw the charging dock to the wall and it needs and outlet very close to where you want to charge it. Unfortunately I do not have any outlets in my closets so it has been a little inconvenient for me to find a spot to keep/charge it. Overall I like it very much! If you are looking for something light, with out the hassle of a cord, that will give a nice pick up, than This is for you! "
"85" "Boy did I need this thing and I didn't even know it, cleaning any kind of surface is 10x easier now. I recently unpacked a box that was full of Styrofoam, and I didn't sweat it because I had this thing to clean it all up. "
"86" "Lots of reviews of this Dyson V7 so I will make this to the point. Amazing power suction and battery life. My old similar dyson is nothing compared to this beast! That being said the mechanism that opens the dust collection bin is hard and messy to use and seems flimsy. I am really enjoying using the v7 just hope it doesn't break! "
"87" "Bought this for myself in January after getting tired of hauling my regular vacuum up and down the stairs. Even though I get my corded vacuum out now and again, this makes quick of fast touch ups when company is coming or you spill something dry in the kitchen. (Great for spiders too) Only wish the battery would last a bit longer between charges. "
"88" "My nephew bought this first and kept telling us it would change our lives. Finally we bought one and if it broke tomorrow I would buy another one. It has great suction and picks up hair, dirt, sand etc. We have two long haired dogs so we have a lot of dog hair. This makes a daily clean up a breeze. Mine only goes for about 12 minutes but you can surprisingly do a lot in twelve minutes. It is not a substitute for a whole floor vacuuming but for a daily clean up it is just the thing. Another great benefit is we have a stair runner and this vacuum is just the thing...lightweight, no cord, can be adjusted so it is more like a dust buster size unit. If you have senior family members and worry about them and cords on the steps, this is just the thing. So much easier than a full size vacuum for the steps. "
"89" "I LOVE vacuuming now! Ha! That¡¯s says enough. I¡¯ve actually brought this vacuum out while entertaining family and friends (on numerous occasions) to prove how awesome it is!! My background is in industrial design (product design) and boy, Dyson sure blew me out of the water. Great design, super intuitive, and incredibly easy to use. My favorite thing is how light and maneuverable this vacuum is! It feels a little heavier than a standard wet mop. It encourages me to vacuum more frequently. I used to dread pulling the vacuum out, as it was clunky, heavy, and overall just a pain in the butt. But this is so easy. Awesome for pet hair!! We use it on laminate flooring and large and small area rugs.Cons: The battery life is so-so. It¡¯s hard to do our entire 1600 sqft house in one go, but since I vacuum rooms more frequently that isn¡¯t an issue. Also, it¡¯s not the best at picking up larger items like leaves, bark, etc. although it did well with pine needles! "
"90" "Needed a light-weight cordless for quick pick-ups (we have a central vac system with long, cumbersome hoses, etc.), but THIS IS NOT IT. This is heavy<U+2014>top-heavy<U+2014>with the motor right on top, so your hand gets tired of lifting and guiding the stubbord brushed head which seems to have a mind of its own... especially when you have to keep you finger on the switch to keep it going. Dyson may be a great machine, but this design gets no stars from me. I would return it, but the original box it gone. Sorry, Dyson, no warm fuzzies from me. "
"91" "I bought this product in November and it stopped working in March. Called Dyson and found out there is no warranty because I bought on Amazon through a third party vendor. The lithium battery needs to be replaced for $100.00. I used the wall mount that came with the product and when it is wall mounted, it is continuously charging. Dyson said the product can not charge continuously because it ruins the battery. Go figure. "
"92" "Some call me a vacuum fanatic. I've owned almost every brand and this Dyson is absolutely the best! I was hesitant at first because I thought it may not be powerful enough. It is all you need. Will run much longer on the low speed and this is plenty of power. It is so powerful you can't use it on throw rugs. I have a large home and use it until the battery runs down and then recharge to use later to finish. It charges rather quickly....just plan to do other things at that time. I love the way the head maneuvers and it fits into tight spaces and goes easily under beds. Cordless is the only way to go to get the job done faster! "
"93" "This little vac is powerful, easy to maneuver, not too loud,convenient! A game changer for a multi-level home: some carpet on stairs, throw rugs, wool room area carpets, think pile accent rugs, laminate, furniture, tile, kids, kittens!Best used as a charge for downstairs and recharge for upstairs. This is because we prefer the turbo setting. Battery could last if in lower setting mode longer. We did our research and highly recommend this little vac. "
"94" "I read the mixed reviews and took a chance, really glad i did. I am so impressed with this little vac. Soooo much better than my previous traditional, bulky, corded vac. Easy to store, easy to clean, picks up all the stuff even though it seems like it shouldn't be able to! Works great on all my floors: linoleum, carpet, and area rug. Also, contrary to what everyone says, the trigger button actually doesn't bother me, i kinda like it. So far i am very happy! "
"95" "The vacuum is lightweight, highly maneuverable with good suction. I just bought it and cannot comment on battery life. The stick snaps off easily and there are two attachments (crevice & brush) which will be handy for vacuuming the car. I was worried it would be heavy and it¡¯s not. However, another disappointing feature is the reason for 4 vs 5 stars. You must keep your finger on the trigger all the time...releasing it shuts off the vacuum. Further, the grip has a cylinder (battery housing?) adjacent which rubs against your hand. If you have arthritis in your hands and a large area to vacuum, this may not be the vacuum for you. I wanted to be able to vacuum all the floors without stopping but I have to stop often and relax my hand. If the switch locked in the on position, this vacuum would be perfect. "
"96" "Before this I only had used a few cordless dirt devil vacuums that were great at first but battery died quickly. I use this cordless mainly for tiled floors and it works excellent. I use it a lot to pick up after my god with is short haired but sheds like crazy. it works great for this and battery on low setting which is sufficient on tiled floor last a very long time. enough to do my house 1st floor and second floor on one charge. on the high setting it does only last bout 6 minutes or so. I mainly used this setting to vacuum the inside of my car. I would totally buy this again. its price but its a great investment. it is also very light to use (almost feels weird that ist so light) . "
"97" "I absolutely LOVE this vacuum. It is so lightweight and I find myself using the different attachments for cleaning different things. I love the smaller attacchement to use it like a Dustbuster. I can zoom around my tiny house very fast and get all the floors on one battery. Using the more powerful settings definitely makes the batt die faster but it is good to use for carpets. I wish I could buy everyone this vacuum, it¡¯s so amazing! "
"98" "I absolutely love this vacuum! We have approx 1200 square feet that is hardwood and linoleum. I can get all of it finished close to 15 minutes with this beast. It is smooth and light with plenty of suction. If this is what you need it for it will be absolutely perfect. The smooth roller attachment is not needed IMO. The battery life has not been an issue at all. If you want this for carpet I would say this is not for you. I tried it on max power and it did ok but it's so light that it didn't feel like it was doing anything. My carpet has medium thickness and it had a lot of resistance too. It did fine on the thin kitchen rugs. So in conclusion, hardwood and linoleum this vacuume works like a champ, carpet not so much. Good luck!! "
"99" "This is my first stick and/or cordless vacuum, I've had it about 6 months. Where has this thing been all my life? There are already a billion reviews so I'll keep this shortThe good:Easy to move around between time, user on stairs, and it's flexible for getting underneath couches. Always picks up a ton of dustThe meh:The suction could be a little better. It misses the kid's strat Cheerios sometimes with the main head, but it will pick them up with just the pipe. Depending on the size of your house, you might need more than one charge to adequately clean everywhere.In the end, the convenience far outweighs having to spend more time doubling back or recharging. Still only 4/5 because of it, but it at least has me sold on the idea of trying the newer models once this one starts to go. "
"100" "Definitely if you have a house with a pet or more than 2 rooms don¡¯t hesitate to buy the more expensive one. But if you¡¯re like me and have minimal animal traffick and tight on storage and have a smaller hardwood floor it¡¯s perfect!!! I love it!!! I find myself using it to vacuum in hard to reach spots that I could never clean before. You find new ways to use it within hours of having it. 20 minute of my house cleaning was cut due to its easy waste deposite lightness of it and ready to use charging station. But wish it came in different color schemes. "
"101" "I never thought I'd fall for a vacuum cleaner, but here I am writing a review for this product. Only had it about 2 weeks so I can't speak to durability yet, but I love this vacuum. It is perfect for cleaning up a couple times of week -- so easy to run quickly over the kitchen floor or quickly vacuum the carpet. Lightweight, easy to empty. My house is cleaner bcs it is so easy to quickly vacuum. "
"102" "I have a shorthaired dog and hardwood floors, plus a few rugs. This vacuum is perfect for out two bedroom home. It doesn¡¯t last more than ten minutes of left on the max setting, but I can get all my vacuuming done on the standard suction that lasts about a half hour. It¡¯s lightweight and so easy to navigate behind the chair, under the bed, and anywhere I need to clean, plus I already used it on the window sills. "
"103" "Great vacuum. Very light and compact. Makes vacuuming very easy. The filter is small so most likely you will have to clean it sooner than regular vacuumings. The only reason I won't give 5 stars it's because of the length the battery before having to charge. It lasts 30 minutes before you having to charge. "
"104" "I have learned to hate vacuums, always gotta watch you don't chip the wood work, if its a plug in so you can do carpets you have to drag it around and make sure you have an outlet nearby. You have to lug them up and down stairs, lift them, frigg around with the attachments, you have to find the attachments, you have to invest in bags and remember that you need to buy more. I LOVE THIS VACUUM, NOPE I WON'T CALL IT THAT I LOVE THIS CLEANING STICK! It light, just as they say, powerful, more than those damn machines I've had to deal with since childhood. You never worry about chipping woodwork or if the power attachment is there for the rugs, all right there. Does a GREAT job on hardwood and AMAZING job on my orientals, wow. I love this, I feel relieved, my house is clean because I can do it easy and without getting angry with a machine, thank you Dyson. "
"105" "This was our first Dyson product and I couldn¡¯t be more pleased. We recently moved to a house with a lot more hard flooring so we purchased this to use in place of our conventional vacuum to make cleaning quicker and easier. To my surprise, it does just as good of a job cleaning carpets as our conventional vacuum but on the hardwood is where it really shines. I love how easy it is to interchange attachments and the included charging dock is awesome... keeps all the attachments organized and within reach as well. We have a golden retriever and the Dyson works great sucking fur up too. Battery life is more than adequate. I can¡¯t say enough good things about this vacuum! "
"106" "I love this vacuume more than I thought a vacuume could be loved. I used to never vac, now I vac a few times a day. It¡¯s easy and light weight so my kids can use it. I have chronic pain so this really helps with that as it¡¯s light weight. It doesn¡¯t get big stuff and if I have a huge job and mess I usually get out my big old vacuume but because I vac so frequently now it usually doesn¡¯t come to that. I have 5 kids under 8 yrs old and this is a life saver! Wish I would have spent the money on it years ago. "
"107" "This is my 3rd cordless Dyson. Each new model is more effective and the expectations are more realistic. We have a corded vacuum that we still need to use for deep vacuuming (typically once per week). The Dyson is perfect for a quick daily vacuuming. It picks up crumbs, dog hair, common every day debris, etc. It makes life much easier being able to pull the Dyson from the closet and do some simple vacuuming, rather than pulling out the corded bulky vacuum. We mostly have hardwoods, with many area rugs with varying pile/shag. It has no problem with any of the rugs. We typically remove our shoes indoors, so the mud, outdoor debris is minimal. Each floor of our house is approx. 1000 sq ft. We can vacuum both floors with one battery charge. Again, our expectations are realistic and don't expect the Dyson to do deep vacuuming. It's an excellent daily maintenance vacuum. "
"108" "I absolutely LOVE my Dyson V7. I did a lot of research before paying so much money for a vacuum and I have not been disappointed. This machine is a pleasure to use. It is beautifully designed, lightweight and extremely easy to use. It does a great job on floors and rugs, including removing pet hair. The run time on Max power is more than enough time for my needs. I was looking for something that I could just grab and go, and this fits the bill. I often use it a couple of times a day, because it's easy and I just like it! Cleaning the filter every month, as recommended, should help to prevent the odor that other reviewers have experienced. My only \"complaint\" is that the air that vents out from the machine when in use hits me in the face (I'm short). "
"109" "We like this unit but we are very disappointed in the charge time of the battery. I does not hold a charge for 30 minutes as advertised. My wife and house cleaner want me to return it. Do you have any suggestions? They might be happy with a spare battery. "
"110" "I have been using this vacuum for a couple of weeks now and I love it! I use it on hard wood, carpet, and rugs. It works great on all 3. The short battery life isn't an issue for me because I am able to get my entire first floor done in about 10 to 15 minutes. I was worried that the trigger power button would be annoying, but it has been a very natural transition and the vacuum is very light weight so it hasn't bothered me at all. "
"111" "I love this vacuum. I went from have a shark corded vacuum to this and it was everything I thought it would be. It have good suction I do have mostly hardwood which I think it does a little better on then carpet. It gets up everything but leaves for some reason. The battery life on hi is very short but regular seems to do the job great! It can get hair wrapped in there but I just cut it out once or twice a month no big deal. I have that problem with every vacuum lol. I love how mobile this is and it is relatively quite as well. Over all great buy and don¡¯t regret this purchase at all! "
"112" "I really like this vaacum. We live on a boat and have 2 alaskan huskies who shed like crazy. I vaacum daily and it never gets clogged from fur. Its great for cleaning the vehicals with smaller attatchments and no obnoxious cords. The only negative aspect I can find is that the battery life is extremely low, I would not recommend it if you need to frequently deep clean an entire house, but for small spaces it's great. The newer models do have a longer battery life. "
"113" "This vacuum is just what I was looking for! It is perfect for a quick clean for crumbs on the floor after wiping down kitchen counters or for keeping dog hair around the house to a minimum. I love that it can be coverted to a hand held to vacuum stairs or the sofa. It¡¯s also great that it can get under furniture.This won¡¯t replace my corded Shark vacuum as I can¡¯t get through the whole house on one charge, and a corded vacuum works best on carpets covered in Lab hair. But it¡¯s perfect to have on the main floor for simple, daily use. "
"114" "I purchased one during the end of the year sale. Try it out of the box and worked fine with the initial partial it came with but after charging it for 3 plus hours as instructed and the machine would not turn on. After going back and forth with the Amazon customer service agent who tried to get me to take it to a repair center and receive a $40 discount. I said no and returned it. I purchased another one at regular price thinking first one was a \"lemon\" The second one worked for 2 charges and the 3rd time the motor would pulsate and not stay on. I only vacuum once a week so it was nearly 3 weeks after purchase. Amazon customer service tried to get me to keep the machine but I returned it. The one star rating is for the product. Customer service I give it a solid 3 1/2 star. "
"115" "Works great for a month and a half. Bought this January 7th. Used it for 2 minutes today and it turned off after being charged overnight. Charged it for another 3 hours and it still doesn't work. I've heard horror stories of people trying to get help from Dyson. But I can't return it so it's my only option. You would think a $250 dollar vacuum cleaner would last at least 2 months... "
"116" "I resisted getting a Dyson for a long time because of the expense, but after spending an equivalent amount of money on Hoovers and Bissels that were awful, I finally broke down and got this, and now I understand why they are more expensive. It is very well designed, light, quiet, and has MUCH better suction than the cheaper copies. This thing gets used several times a day on cat litter and has proven to be effective and durable. It has a peculiar emptying method but other than that is highly recommended. "
"117" "I purchased the Dyson v7 Motorhead two days ago. After charging it, I did some quick vacuuming of our rug by the back door that is constantly dirty from the dog tracking in dirt and mud from outside. It worked well. It was easy to maneuver. The next day I used it to vacuum the stairs. Again, it did amazing. And it was easy to empty when I was finished. This is a great cordless vacuum for quick cleanups around the house. It is not a replacement for a larger vacuum but a perfect compliment. "
"118" "This is nice, perfect for quick cleaning. Its light weight and does a better job than i thought it would. I use mainly on hardwood floors but also on large rugs. Havent timed the battery life but also havent had it run out on me yet either. It is so convenient it makes it worth it, much better than dealing with cords for quick cleanings. I will say that its not a replacement for a regular vacuum as its not as powerful as a good plugin model. Also probably not the best vacuum for someone who has mostly carpet in their house. If you have kids that are constantly leaving crumbs of food everywhere you will love this vacuum.I gave 5 stars based on how its worked so far. I have only had it for a month so cant really rate on how well/long it will last. "
"119" "I've heard lots of good thing about this so decided to give it a try, however after 3 attempts of using this fully charged, the battery only lasts about 9 minutes max, using on 80% hardwood and not carpet. The design also should have a function where the vacuum stay on with having to hold the trigger at all times (like a latch on a gas pump or something), because it doesn't have that it makes my hand really tired.Over all still a good vacuum, I just don't think it's worth this much for something that you can barely use to vacuum a 2 bed apartment. "
"120" "I'm in love, yes again. This gem was well thought out. Great with dog shedding, rugs and the stuff that accumulate on them and hard flooring. May not have the battery capacity to do a full room that's fully carpeted. Light aluminium tube makes cleaning ceilings at arms length easy. Sweeper head fits in spaces I used to pass over with other rechargeable type vacuums. Suction couldn't be better, if it clogs it stops to prevent motor burnout.I do wish it had a battery charge status indicator tho. The light it has is inadequate. The wall hanger is ingenious. "
"121" "I really like this vacuum however I was a little disappointed. I purchased a used one the description said it was new and not use in the original box. When I received it it was not in the original box, came with 2 attachments that did not fit this model, and it did not come with the charging cord. I called amazon customer service right away and we decided instead of sending it back I would be happy with receiving a charger for the vacuum! Customer service was great! They send the charger, it was directly from Dyson but it still works just fine with the vacuum although it does make a buzzing sound when plugged in. Still a great vacuum! I would buy another when the time come, just not a used one! "
"122" "We thought MAYBE The product was Not correct.. we are blue collar older couple and The battery will stay charged for 5 min MAX.. I'm a retired Electrician and Electronics man. This is HORRIBLE.. I would be happy to try another Battery as she finally told me couple days ago,,, Come ON... 5 minutes ? She said it works great for that time.. I would like to return this ASAP and be refunded or a 110 volt light weight the same or close.. Some customer Help here would be Great "
"123" "BEST. INVESTMENT. EVER!!!! I cant believe that I didn't buy one of these before! I love that the vacuum is so light weight and small in size. All I'm saying is that my floors are almost always clean because it's not such a chore to take out the old heavy vacuum anymore. Love that I can vacuum my stairs in about 2 minutes using the shorter attachment. Suction on the vacuum is great. "
"124" "I have had a Dyson Animal for years and years (before the ball configuration). My 86 year old father has been using an ancient dust buster that barely sucks up anything and requires bending down to the floor with it. Seeing this I thought it would be perfect and it it. This stores easily on the bracket to charge with the extension attached so it is ready to go anytime for quick clean ups. It is light weight and has good suction. The attachments are an extra benefit. If my floor vac ever dies I am getting one of these because with all hard surfaces I could get by with this and a dust mop. "
"125" "Personally, I loved it. Problem is that it didn¡¯t hold a charge long enough to do the whole house and you end up basically holding the heaviest mechanism in your hand as you have to pull down the trigger to make it work and that makes your hand very tired. We bought this as a replacement for our whole house vacuum and obviously it is not a whole house vacuum it is a small mess, occasional vacuum. I love the look and feel of it, and it did pull a lot of dirt and dust up, but it just is not good for daily use. If not for the whole trigger design we might have tried to make it work but holding down the trigger the entire time you¡¯re vacuuming is very hard on the hands and we had to return it. Good for maybe a kitchen floor vacuum or a car vacuum, but pretty expensive for just a occasional use vacuum.... "
"126" "As a dyson lover, I still use my animal upright I purchased 12 years and swear by it. This is my first cordless and I'm a research fanatic at heart and decided on this one instead of the 10 and omg! I really underestimated all cordlesses until I got this! I am super impressed and the suction is unbelievable. This can practically replace an upright all together if you have a small home and want to vacuum it all at one time. I can do my whole upstairs including bathrooms and blinds and stairs with a full charge. Don't use the high setting the whole time if you want to extend usage time. The attachments are crazy awesome and it literally sucks as powerful as the car wash vacuums!!! Impressed by seller too, fast and wasn't refurbished and just as described! "
"127" "I've owned my Dyson Animal V7 for about 6 months and used it perhaps a dozen times and I enjoyed using it while it worked as intended. It functions well enough at short bursts and it has a nice stamina mode for vacuuming longer before needing another charge.My unit stopped working at the 6 month mark. Here's why you should probably not buy this product:1. It spat back an incoherent error message. (the led gives error codes as a number of flashes. mine was 23 flashes long)2. I called customer service. They blamed me for the issue, saying it's because I didn't clean the filters often enough.3. They claimed that this is why the battery failed which seems implausible and might point to a rather important design issue. (also, it sounds like battery failure is a common issue among owners of the V7)4. They can't even send me a battery if I payed for it since they are out of stock.The only upside was that their customer service rep was decently polite, but the script they follow and the product they provide are insulting. "
"128" "If you have a full house of carpets, the battery only lasts 8 minutes. For just a few rugs it¡¯s ok. They need a battery backup. Update we now have had Vacuum 5 months and the battery will not charge anymore. The company is sending out a new one so we will see how this goes "
"129" "This was a game changer in our house with 3 cats and 1 dog. We have to clean the floors EVERY day to avoid having fur and cat litter all over the place. (Yes, it really does pick up kitty litter when in Max Suction mode!) The ease of use and convenience of this machine is perfect for doing a quick run through my 1200 square foot house daily to keep on top of it. It's easy to quickly swap out different cleaning heads when needing to reach up and get cobwebs and things as well. "
"130" "Yep, I was expecting 30 minutes...because when you buy the motorhead, you expect the battery to last what Dyson claims: 30 minutes. Well, the motorhead on maximum suction lasts 6 minutes. Too bad the rest of my home is dusty and I have guests coming over. It will be 3.5 hours to recharge. This is crazy. I love this vacuum, and when I first turned it on, I thought \"game changer\" -- so light, so flexible, sucks up just fine. Until it conked out. I expected 30 minutes for this price. "
"131" "This product arrived broken at my house, with a non-functional charging port, part of the main body of the vacuum.Dyson support has been incredibly unhelpful. They have shipped multiple replacement parts (for the cable, then the handle) that were not related to the problem I've complained about. Rather than offering to replace the non-functional vacuum they have just wasted my time by asking a bunch of unhelpful questions and trying to dodge the question of replacement. It seems like they are doing their best to avoid honoring the warranty, which I thought was disappointing given the price point on the product.Would not recommend. "
"132" "My wife still insists on doing her own housework even though getting rather frail. Our old Dyson was rather heavy so I bought her this one because it is lighter and easier to use. She just loves it. It is as powerful as our old Dyson and maybe even more powerful. It mounted easily in our pantry and stays charged. It removes a surprising amount of cat hair from rugs and furniture. Dyson, you done good! "
"133" "The battery life is horrible i can not sweep two rooms and it is dead, the sweeper is great besides the battery life would not buy again so sad "
"134" "The cordless freedom is amazing, but I was disappointed in the functionality of the product because 1) you have to continually hold the button down in order for the vacuum to stay on and 2) the battery life lasted ~15 minutes, which granted, I was using the max airflow that the guide forewarned would drain the battery quicker but 15 minutes?! Having to continuously hold the button down makes my hand cramp after awhile. Emptying the filter is very easy, so that's a plus. Overall, I like this vacuum. "
"135" "I loved this vacuum but after only one year it does not work anymore. We routinely cleaned it and washed the filter. It just runs and stops and runs and stops. I tried replacing the filter and it will only run now if I hold the filter up about 1/2 inch. Extremely disappointed and will not buy another one. "
"136" "UPDATE: I feel compelled to provide an update. I genuinely love Dyson products and have many. But I¡¯m so disappointed with this purchase. The battery is shot. I think they sold me a super old version. It won¡¯t even hold a charge for 5 minutes. So frustrating!! If the V7 is old and won¡¯t work... don¡¯t sell it!! Hoping Dyson / Amazon make this right.Love, love, Love. So easy to use. Can quickly grab and do a once over of the house without the hassle of a cord. Picks up everything beautifully! "
"137" "Thought these were way too expensive but finally bit the bullet after several recommendations. Holy cow, I'd have paid twice as much. Well worth it and is no hassle to use for easy quick cleanups. House stays way cleaner after several months of use I am very pleased. "
"138" "My husband and I purchased this as we have many dyson products we love. This device stopped working after just two uses. Will not turn on. Contacted the seller who would not offer even an exchange of product because it was past the ¡°30 day warranty¡± they offer. Told us we had to contact dyson. Dyson says their 1- warranty that is advertised on this posting does not apply to second party sellers. We paid over 200 dollars and have nothing to show for it. "
"139" "Why didn't I buy one sooner is all I keep asking myself??? They are pricey but so worth it! My kids like to vacuum now and that alone makes it worth the cost. Lightweight and navigates so well around tough corners. I hated vacuuming with my Oreck because it was so cumbersome and such a hassle so I usually swifffered instead which wasn't very effective. Very powerful suction on wood (or tile) floors - I don't have carpet (do yourself a favor and never have carpet if you have kids and pets in your life - this advice would have saved me years of headaches) so I don't know how it works on that but I would assume it would work fine. "
"140" "We received this as a wedding gift and it's made keeping things clean SO much easier! It's easy to assemble and figure out how to use. I will admit that I rarely was the one doing the vacuuming since it involved lugging out the big old vacuum and tugging it around the house. This zippy little guy actually makes it fun to clean! Bonus that it's magenta! Only thing I would warn is to keep in mind that one must keep their finger on the \"trigger\" in order for it to work. For that reason, I could see how this may not be the best choice for people with compromised hand dexterity. Otherwise, this is an excellent investment. "
"141" "Now that I have this I can't image life without it. Lol. It is perfect for everyday vacuuming without having to drag out our larger corded Dyson vaccum that I still use. This one is light and so convenient for quick cleanups. I love it. My sons 22 year old girlfriend asked for one for her birthday to use at her apartment. It's perfect for apartment living especially if you have limited storage space.You will never regret buying this Dyson. It is amazing!! And no I didn't get any kind of discounts for writing this. I paid full price!! "
"142" "I love this Dyson!! I have a bigger Dyson that I use for the carpet¡¯s and deep cleaning but this cordless does wonders for a quick cleanup¡¯s on hardwoods, bathroom floors and surface cleaning on carpet. The tools make cleaning the vents so simple and it¡¯s so lightweight. You will NOT be disappointed !Don¡¯t expect it to do a great job on thicker carpet, it¡¯s not meant for that! "
"143" "I love Dyson vacuums. I have the reg Dyson Animal but thought not having to deal with a cord would be great. I had my doubts about suction but no worries here, just have to empty container more, still not a problem. I have 2 very furry dogs...Pyrenees and shepherd. However, it was a bit heavy for my arthritic hands due to the fact you must hold the button down the entire time you vacuum. I took breaks. Just putting this out there for anyone with strength issues. Why did they not put a regular on/off button beats the heck out of me! "
"144" "I got this to supplement my dc41 as it was tough lugging the beast upstairs. What I discovered is this is now my go to vacuum. Works awesome on hardwood but more importantly for me is it does a great job on my orientals without the too-heavy suction of the animal. Battery life is very good as I use low power almost exclusively. On the negative, the brush attachment is worthless. The bin emptying is very good, no hands. I have a German shepherd so I have to empty to bin after every use. "
"145" "I love this vacuum! I have a dog that sheds A LOT and I needed something I could use for a quick nightly sweep. I was tired of leaning over with my small hand-held cordless unit. This vacuum is light-weight and works really well. It is easy to maneuver around corners and under chairs and tables. It is super easy to empty out the canister. Plug it in and it's ready to go the next time! The ONLY complaint I have (and it's minor) is that you need to continue to press the ON button to keep it working. There is no ON/OFF switch. Not a big deal for quick sweep-ups but I could see this being a pain if I wanted to use it for more than a few minutes. To me it was well worth the high price. "
"146" "I just bought this vacuum for my apartment. I saw the reviews about the battery life being short but I figured for an apartment it would be okay. Well, it wasn¡¯t. On the low suction mode it barely worked on my hardwood floors so I switched between the low and high suction. It died before I could even get to my bedroom. If you¡¯re using it for quick pick ups then it¡¯s fine, but if you¡¯re using it for actual cleaning it doesn¡¯t do a good job getting everything up. Also, you have to hold down the button the whole time you¡¯re using it which hurts your finger after awhile. Very disappointed in this vacuum. "
"147" "Meh...whatever. It's really not better than a vacuum that is much cheaper. Maybe the Dysons are made with organic plastic and assembled by third-world children who also receive an educational program, or free t-shirts, or a fire escape plan from their bamboo buildings, or free pot stickers for lunch. I like pot stickers. Cordless is nice, but I'm not drawn to offer a cap-in-hand moment of silence when I use the Dyson. Great marketing, but if all you want is a clean floor... "
"148" "I'm absolutely loving this sweeper! So quiet (which was a major perk because my 3.5 year old is afraid of my old sweeper because it's so loud.), lightweight, long lasting battery, and works great on hardwood floors ( I have only 1 room in my house that has carpet and that's the livingroom.)! I definitely recommend this sweeper! Another plus was I got it a lot cheaper through Amazon warehouse and they said there were imperfections but I didn't see any :) I never thought I'd think a sweeper was pretty but this one definitely is lol "
"149" "This is NOT the right vacuum for you if you have toddlers who drop food on the ground. You need the Dyson Absolute that has the head that can pick up larger pieces of debris. I was so frustrated trying to vacuum even a Cheerio because this just pushed it around. Returned this after three days. "
"150" "Life saver. I have two kids and have to constantly vacuum the floor. this has been a life changer. I had the Shark Cord free before and starting getting wrist problems as the top was very heavy. I don't seem to have this problem with Dyson. "
"151" "Very light, design is great, very practical, quiet BUT it is good as a second vacuum cleaner, maybe if you have small apartment, no kids no animal, this might work. For a mid-big house you will need a stronger vaccum cleaner. You will need to run in MAX power more often than you think, battery will die so quick in max power that you get frustrated having to charge for next about 3h to get it back. For cars is excellent, easy, light and does the job but dont think it can be your only vaccum if you have bigger house, kids, carpet and hardwood, still can work as fancy broom but the broom doesn¡¯t stop in 8 minutes "
"152" "Bought as a daily value from Amazon. Got a real Dyson for %40 off. I was beyond happy. Then it arrived and I fell in love!It¡¯s as good as the hype. I needed this and wouldn¡¯t have spent the money on it had it. It been sale priced so low. I¡¯m so glad I got it. It is so much nicer than cheaper vacuums. And I use vacuums at home a lot. Pets and hardwood floors and stairs and allergies oh my. This thing is great. A splurge and investment I consider wise now. "
"153" "This vacuum has a good amount of pressure at its high setting for about 20 minutes. It works great for hardwood floors and shorter length carpet. It was washable canisters. The unit breaks apart in to a hand-held an so offers two crevice tools. I really like this whole unit. I¡¯m glad I paid just a little more for quality. It wasn¡¯t much more than the no name versus the quality I have come to know in Dyson. "
"154" "The person who should write this review is my best friend. I was so thrilled with this vac, I showed it to her. She ordered one the next day, and I'm convinced the woman has lost her mind over it. As her daughter says, it's all she talks about. Needless to say, we both LOVE our motorhead. its maneuverable. It cleans so thoroughly. It's so lightweight and well-balanced, it doesn't put a strain on my back and I don't feel like I've wrestled w/a grizzly after I vacuum. "
"155" "It's pretty and it's convenient, and for quick pickups I'm happy. But, I have 2 dogs that shed and this vacuum is CONSTANTLY getting clogged up. Then you have to go in with a screwdriver or something else to unjam all the hair that's stuck in about 4 places. After over a year I just discovered yet another one when all the usual places didn't work last week. Good for picking up standard dust and things, but not for things like wood pellets which it does NOT like. "
"156" "The battery life is ridiculously low. I guess it¡¯s nice to sit down and take breaks inbetween vacuuming but not because my battery can¡¯t handle one cleaning of the house (930 sq ft house) opt for a model with a better battery if you live in something bigger than a one bedroom "
"157" "The suction is the best I¡¯ve ever seen in big or small vacuum units. "
"158" "This vacuum is so Quiana picks up EVERYTHING! It was a gift from my husband. I have been asking for one for a very long time but the cost of it is so high. He finally bought it for me. Our English bulldog suffers from bad allergies. As do my husband and I. This vacuum works great for keeping the dirt out of our home. "
"159" "We purchased this to teplace a 4 year old V6 motorhead. Very dissapointed by the lack of suction and shorter battery life than the the older V6. We returned it and will look for another alternative. "
"160" "I love this thing! My only deduction in star is that it doesn't last as long in the battery as I would like. I don't even believe it's as long as they state in 20-40 minutes (reg-max). However, with that being said, I would buy it again and I have 4 kids and a fur ball as a pet and HATE (HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE) to clean, but now can tolerate it. Mainly because I have a toy, Lol - that's mine. I know that -that sounds foolish, but it's true. I know that it's almost stupid - like men with tools (because everyone CAN technically use it), but I don't want them to bc it's mine and I don't want them to touch it. It's pretty and it's not theirs. My husband is now convinced that he should have made everything this pretty years ago (mops, brooms, etc. - sparkly) - Ha! "
"161" "I bought this for my 89 year old Nana. She's so old school she remembers when God asked her what she thought about dirt. She likes the lightweight Dyson and can't understand how something so small can be a vacuum. Silly granny "
"162" "I know that Dyson is usually a really good brand when it comes to vacuums, so I assumed the cordless vacuums would be great too. The animal stick vacuum is not bad when it's on max suction mode, but it only last for about 15 minutes. On the regular mode, it barely picks up anything. If there's a grain of rice or a particle of food, the \"high extended mode\" won't pick it up. I'm very disappointed with this purchase. I'm wondering if this is normal or if it's defective. "
"163" "I really like this vacuum cleaner! The debris bin is pretty small, but I¡¯m sure that¡¯s necessary to keep it light, and it¡¯s not a big deal. But the battery dies after about 30 minutes, so if you have a big house, you will be stopping a lot. Or, as in my case, if you haven¡¯t vacuumed in a while and have 2 dogs that shed, you¡¯ll be stopping a lot. Great cleaner for quick and easy pick ups, but not a heavy duty vacuum. I¡¯m keeping it, though! "
"164" "The basic reason I bought this is I fell for the commercials and thought my wife would like the style as she has always wanted a Dyson. Our home isnt large, but I guess isnt small at about 1200 square feet. This vacuum can't last an entire house cleaning from one end to another. Between the clogs from hair, the need to empty the container every three minutes, only to have to replace filters and stop just over half-way because of a used battery, this vacuum just can't hold it. The worst money I've ever spent on a vacuum. "
"165" "I love this vacuum...couldn't afford the latest model but was still excited to treat myself to a dyson after all these years of wanting one. Sooooo glad I did, it's perfect for my needs, truly elegant design that's easy to use, easy to empty, just love this vacuum. I use it every day and it keeps my place spotless in 6mins or less. Ok fair disclaimer, I like to use it on high speed, I think it uses more suction and I have a tiny apartment so the 6min runtime works for me, I'm sure it would last longer if I used the lower setting but that's just me...so be aware of the battery life if you have a big place maybe you want to spend more for a newer model with more battery life. Anything under 800sqft and this is all you need. I love this vacuum. Dyson is the best. "
"166" "The Dyson vacuum cleaner is great since its very light and cordless. It came in handy since i didn't have to plug it in after moving to a different section of my house. However after having it for a few months, the red light started blinking on the battery and it stopped charging. It turned out that I had to pay $80 for a battery replacement from Dyson, which is so overpriced. I'm a bit disappointed that the battery stopped working so fast from such an expensive vacuum cleaner. So do weigh out the pros and cons when buying this! "
"167" "I finally opened the box yesterday and the bin for the trash doesn¡¯t open unless I take it off myself. It¡¯s suppose to open when u pull/ push I believe but nope. It was so messy when taking the dust out. Did AMAZON sent me old item? May be I should have bought it directly from DYSON? Doesn¡¯t the job but but when taking the dust out it gets messy again. Lil disappointed "
"168" "We have a whole house vac in our new home, but can be very cumbersome for small jobs. I wanted to get something that had similar performance as our whole house vac, but needed it cordless as well as light and portable for the small/easy jobs. It works great on our main level area rugs, hardwoods and tile. Anything with the name Dyson has a steep price tag, but I feel confident this buyer won't have any remorse. "
"169" "Very nice vacuum. Light, portable, works well.A few notes:(1) the 30 minute run time seems only possible IF the battery is fully charged AND if you run the vacuum on the \"low\" power (left position). Anything other that and you'll undoubtedly find it stopping cold for a \"long\" job.(2) I don't use the charging rack. What I did was to unplug the power cord from the rack and plug the cord directly into the power unit to charge it. And, I remove the extension wand and just have the power unit sitting on a shelf where I have the space. This also prevents the unit from falling over (it's top-heavy if you don't use the charging mount).(3) Full charge is something along the lines of 3-4 hours. If you're likely to grab it and clean up without planning that ahead of time, best to keep it plugged in.That said, I like it enough that I bought a second one for the 2nd floor of my house. "
"170" "We have a central vacuum, which we use for all major cleaning, but this product is a fantastic add-on when you dont want to go the trouble of pulling out a vacuum with 20feet of tubing just to touch up a few spots or clean the most frequently soiled areas. Max setting provides more suction than required and the powered head does a great job on rugs. Love it. "
"171" "This is my best purchase of the year. Don't even use my roomba anymore. It is light and powerful. Yes, the battery only lasts 30 minutes tops but that is not an issue for me. I find that I vacuum more regularly due to it's convenience.I would have purchased the absolute v8 animal if it wan't significantly more. For my needs, this is fine. "
"172" "I love this vacuum. However, my better half does not! Lol. This vacuum is perfect for sweeping up before people come over, the dog track dirt across the rug, doing the stairs, or just OCDing each room's area rugs. Other than these areas this vacuum will not hold a long charge to do room after room. My girlfriend tried using it as a regular vacuum but it just does not have the battery life. I still enjoy this product but she does not. It is light, easy to use, easy to maneuver, easy to install, easy to clean, etc. If you are interested in a GREAT vacuum for simple areas and cleaning before guests arrive or you LOVE to keep a tindy house, like we do, then this is a great vacuum for the price! "
"173" "My wife and I love our V7. Light, easy to maneuver, easy to dump debris. My reason for rating 4 stars is battery life....5 minutes max on the High setting. On the regular setting I think they claim \"up to 20 minutes\" but haven't tried that in one stint yet. If you are one to vacuum your whole house in one pass, you may want to opt for the more expensive V8 which claims more battery life. Oh, we have a LOT of tile and some rug. It works great on both! And it's pretty quiet too. "
"174" "I don't know why it took me so long to purchase a Dyson! My three daughters have Dyson vacuums and kept telling me how great they are. I can vacuum the entire house, three floors, on one charge. It's light weight and easy to maneuver. Getting under beds is no problem at all. I don't want to admit to how long it's been since I vacuumed under beds! "
"175" "I have all hardwood floors in my house and I was having trouble finding a vacuums that would pick up all the little crumbs and specs. I like to walk around in my socks or barefoot and finally after using this dyson nothing sticks to my feet anymore because it picks everything up. My house is small (1,200 SF) so I have yet to see the end of the battery life. It runs full steam the entire time. The cordless is a dream... I go up and down stairs and from room to room super fast with out plugging and unplugging. The attachments I keep in my pocket and quick change with the quick release to get the tight crevices.I bought the v7, I have never been happy about a vacuums before, I had to write a review, I feel like a nerd.Finally Debris free hardwood floors my old vacuumed just spread the debris around. this one actually catches it. "
"176" "Not sure if it¡¯s the age, but I have never been more excited about a vacuum. Feels durable, vacuums on carpet and tile amazingly, and very cute looking. I recommend if you have a small home, I have a 3 bedroom and carpeted living room and with the max vacuum setting, I am able to vacuum it all. "
"177" "Murders spiderwebs and dog hair, is super light, has a larger tank than most battery powered vacuums, good battery life, and a ton of attachments. I love the mattress attachment (sold separate) for cleaning curtains and my bed's comforter from dog hair. "
"178" "I ordered this vacuum because I am an avid YouTube watcher and a couple of my favorite YouTubers have these vacuums. I always wanted to get one but once I looked at the price, I didn't think it was a necessity to have it since I already have an old school vacuum. I broke down and ordered it because it was on my personal wish list. Once I received it and charged this bad boy up to use it for the first time.... I was in LOVE! Its so lightweight and doesn't take much elbow grease to get er done like with the standard vacuum. The suction power on this is amazing! I have told everyone I know that I finally got my Dyson and if they knew like I knew, they'd do like I did and get them one too! "
"179" "The part that is on the top of the handle that you plug the cord into to charge shocked me 4 times. Dyson is the worst customer service I¡¯ve ever had and told me I¡¯m lying and it was a static shock. It was NOT it physically hurt. I know the difference. They also told me the vacuum doesn¡¯t have enough electricity for a electric shock which is bs it also says ON the vacuum ¡°to avoid electric shock use indoors only¡± so yeah got electrocuted and they are telling me I¡¯m wrong and won¡¯t do a thing. "
"180" "I adopted a cat a few months ago and my old vacuum wasn't doing the greatest job of picking up the hairs. This one is great, love that it's cordless, makes it easy to go up and down the stairs. And I love the color! Great investment, actually makes me want to vacuum :) "
"181" "I have a home and a cabin with hard surface floors and a dog. This vacuum seems expensive but it works so well picking up dog hair, dust, small pebbles, virtually everything with one quick pass and no chord to mess with. Even cleans the grooves in the wood floors. You will be amazed at how much more you can remove from your floors with this vacuum in a fraction of the time. Very easy to empty and no bags to change. I actually enjoy using it. It only works on hard surfaces and very short pile rugs. I will have to buy another one for my home. "
"182" "The Dyson V7 is a versatile vacuum that is excellent for small clean up jobs, e.g., hallway, stairs, a single room, a sofa & chairs, etc. The only limitation is the rather short time between charges. It has great suction power, is easy to clean & empty and comes with an adequate set of attachments. When doing stairs with the extension tube, the power head is right at your ear. When you use just one of the attachments without the tube, you have to bend over a bit more. "
"183" "I payed full price for a new vacuum and received a preowned! The bags that the accessories came in were torn open and the vacuum head and canister were dirty! Returning immediately! "
"184" "I love this cordless vacuum! We had an earlier model, but it ran out of power fairly quickly (although it was close to my preferences for cleaning time). This one is more powerful and lasts much longer. I hadn't realized how much I hated dragging out our old corded vacuum until I had a cordless model. This cordless vacuum makes it easy to clean up the dog hair that accumulates much too quickly in our house. "
"185" "This was a Christmas gift for my wife. She absolutely loved it! We have one of the original Dyson vacuum cleaners and I have always been a fan. This little unit does a great job on all surfaces for the size. It¡¯s also great for vehicles! I got this for almost half off which is a fantastic deal for a Dyson. Quite the little power house! "
"186" "I have had this for awhile now, and I love it for my hard wood and tile floors. Picks up well, great on stairs. Good for in between regular vacuuming. I have a husky so everyday touch ups are a must. Still use my other Dyson for large area rugs. Love that the filter is washable. I wish Dyson¡¯s materials felt more sturdy, but I think that¡¯s a problem with everything these days. "
"187" "This vacuum really surprised me. It has better cleaning power than any other vacuum I¡¯ve owned. It¡¯s very easy to maintain and I couldn¡¯t be happier. The only thing that¡¯s keep in mind is that max battery life is 30 min. That gives me plenty of time to clean my whole 1000 sq. ft. apartment, but if you have a larger home then vacuuming may takes multiple sessions. It does charge quickly though. To me, it was worth every penny! "
"188" "So far, so good! We have another Dyson, but this one is heads and tails above the rest. It¡¯s so very convenient also. No more lugging around a heavy vacuum. We just grab it off the wall and go. I cannot believe how much it picks up either. Yikes! We have 3 dogs and it is really helping with pet hair management. "
"189" "1st one I rec¡¯d would not allow the dust canister to open! Got 2nd & so dar it works as I expected it to. My wish would be to have it run on max the entire time but it would need a longer batter life. I get most everything done then it takes just a few mins to recharge. Now to Dyson make your plastic parts that are used the most out of durable metal!! Plastic breaksto easy!! "
"190" "Original arrived with defective battery charger. Called Dyson and in one week we received replacement with no hassle. Packing was great and it arrived on time. Great price, beat Costco! "
"191" "So convenient and not bulky, I do wish the battery lasted longer but it works for my small apartment. I enjoy vacuuming with this cordless vacuum - the cord and bulkiness is why I hate vacuuming and this product definitely helped me get better at making the chore a habit. Can definitely blame all the cleaning youtube channels. "
"192" "Superb product. Was very skeptical about paying this much for a vacuum, but Money well spent, we love it. Very powerful and extremely easy to use "
"193" "So far I'm in love with this vacuum. So convenient, just head and go. VERY powerful suction, even on the regular setting. So far I've never had it die on my, even when I'm cleaning the whole house. Easy to clean all the parts, just watch a YouTube video on how to take apart. VERY satisfied! "
"194" "I freaking love this thing. I have 3 kids. Ages 6,4,2. My floors were rarely clean. Until this guy showed up. It is honestly a dream come true. Why is it so much harder to sweep? I don't know!! But it is. And I don't have to haul around a heavy, clunky, vacuum anymore. And no cord? Even better. It is a dream to vacuum the car now. Would absolutely recommend. "
"195" "Overall works okay. Battery life is very short. It turns on the roller balls but not always easily-sometimes difficult to maneuver and I always end up with a blister on my thumb knuckle from trying to turn it. ( my son, however, does not have this problem. Maybe my hands are too small! ) It does not pick up dirt at the baseboards well. "
"196" "Was looking for a good cordless vacuum for our upstairs so we wouldn't have to keep lugging the old heavy corded one up from the 1st floor. The wife thought I was crazy to \"pay that much\" for it, but I insisted and bought it. After using it the first time, she loved it. She couldn't get over how light it was and how much gunk it sucked up. We are now using it all over the house and the old vacuum stays in the closet. You get what you pay for with this vacuum. First Dyson we have purchased but it won't be the last. Great product. "
"197" "This is great and achieves a 4 star just from its sheer build. The only \"downsides\" would be battery life and size of head. BUT cordless is the only way and it is great to not need to purchase bags.. Just empty the filer after using.Next house though i will buy the next cylinder or speed of motor-- I love this vacuum but I have a small townhouse. If you have a serious home or dogs.. Go bigger like a v10 "
"198" "I've had a few vacuums in my years but this is by far the best. I can clean 800 sqft apartment in 15min and it picks up all of the dirt. Sweeping moves the dirt around and then you still have to wash the floor afterward to get everything up. If I had a bigger house I would simply have one on each floor. Mounts to the wall to charge and all attachments click into the mount. VERY light and VERY easy to use. Love it ! "
"199" "This Dyson model - V7 Motorhead - is advertised as operating the direct drive head in maximum mode for up to 6 minutes. After charging as directed, it ran for only 4 mins. Re-charged and tried it again. 2nd time it lasted 3 mins, 47 seconds. Returned this and bought the newer, more powerful Dyson model elsewhere. Be aware. "
"200" "Worth every penny. Super light, powerful, easy to use. I even used it to suck the webs off my porch ceiling. This thing is amazing. Very convenient. Wish I had purchased much sooner "
"201" "I really love this vacuum. Pros: 1. It's lightweight. 2. It's cordless. 3. It has very strong suction. 3. The rotating brush attachment works on both vinyl and carpet. 4. The dirt collects in a small clear canister that's easy to empty. It's weird, but I like to see what it picked up. 5. It swivels around effortlessly to change direction. Cons: 1. The charged battery only lasts about 15 minutes, but I've found that I don't vacuum that long. 2. You have to keep your finger on the trigger to keep it powered. My finger gets mildly tired after holding it, but I think I prefer that over a switch. "
"202" "This is my second Dyson and Injust have to have one at home. This versio is much better since they improved the dust tank. Now it is easier to remove the dust from the dust tank than before and much cleaner. The noice is much better than the earlier version as well. I like Dyson because it is so easy to use and it helps house cleaning become fun and easy. "
"203" "Love this little jewel, it's suction is far better than any corded vac I've ever owned or operated. Easy to empty canaster and so light weight. Highly recommend. "
"204" "Battery life is good enough for me. It can clean the whole first floor plus stairs with a single charge using the High Suction extended run battery mode. I love that I can easily remove the dirt without getting my hands dirty. Great with cat fur and litter. "
"205" "This is awesome! I'll actually vacuum now! We have a heavy-duty, full-size Dyson I never use 'cuz it's too heavy + bulky to use. This one is perfect for me: lightweight, very easy to maneuver, especially under the bed. The charge lasts about 20 - 30 min., depending on which setting I use. Works on smooth floors, carpeting + those textured door mats with the checkerboard grooves. I highly recommend this! "
"206" "Love love love love it <U+0001F929><U+0001F929><U+0001F929><U+0001F929> I¡¯m very happy <U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FD> Super! I am recommended! "
"207" "Like every aspect but one. When using max suction, the motor overheats after less than 10 minutes and quits working. The motor has to cool for more than 30 minutes before it starts working. The good things are that it picks up very fine dirt and pet hair wonderfully. There is need to pick up larger items as the cage on top of the floor bar doesn¡¯t allow pick up. Lightweight and easy to use. Crevice tools and stick are easy to install and remove. Charge lasts, not sure how long because I have never ran out a charge. I would have purchased one with a bigger motor had I known about the max suction issue. "
"208" "Held off from writing a review until we had the vacuum for several months. This vacuum is great! Light, maneuvers easily, powerful...all we could want. The battery doesn't last super long, but it's enough to do 3-4 rooms in our 3500 sq ft home on one charge, really thoroughly. Highly recommend this vacuum! "
"209" "Only received 2 days ago but am seriously in love. I work full time, have to small children and a dog which seems to shed a small puppy every other day. I need something efficient and powerful to keep up with all the Cheerios, hair, dirt and debris and so far this has exceeded my expectations. It works well on wood floors and on my carpeted stairs. The 30 min run time is plenty for the high traffic areas. "
"210" "This is a huge disappointment. For as much as it cost, I can¡¯t believe how much it clogs up. I spend more time clearing out clogs than actually vacuuming floors. "
"211" "Vacuuming is fun- for the first time ever! For light bi-weekly cleaning and daily small messes this is great. I have it wall mounted and handy. The attachments are useful. Hold a good charge. Cleans low/ med pile carpets very well, tile/ hardwood good. The collection bin is small but does the job. I've even found my kids asking to vacuum!!! "
"212" "Had doubts at first as dysons are expensive! My opinion on this vacuum, suction on high is great but find low is perfect for solid surfaces, construction is high quality, haven¡¯t had any problems with battery life, it actually surprises me with the duration, we do however run on low most of the time as that seems to be all you need with this thing, high on hard surfaces seem to throw back some of the hard debris so we just run on low. So all in all it has a great run time on low, construction is great and we find it to be quite nimble lays down nearly flat to get under stuff, we have 5 kids and 3cats so we have been putting this thing to the test! "
"213" "This vacuum is great for little or big jobs. I primarily use mine on my hard wood floors to clean up crumbs and pet hair. It's very cute and was easy to assemble and install hanging on my wall. "
"214" "I use it for a 10' X 12' room. Dyson should send all customers who own this product, a more powerful battery. Right now, you are lucky if you get 30 minutes battery power on standard (\"high suction speed\"). On \"max power\" the battery does not hold up even for 10 minutes. The exhaust fan is blowing on your body while in operation, which I felt uncomfortable. Material quality and user-friendliness, etc., are excellent. "
"215" "Very disappointed with battery life, can¡¯t even clean house4 minutes at high speed, 7 minutes slow speedI need to keep stopping to recharge batteryShould¡¯ve come with a additional battery so you can continue cleaningI will be returning this unit Dyson V7 and go back to a plug in "
"216" "I used the sweeper one time and sent it back. The sweeper felt cheap, I could not use it on my carpet. It ran ok over my hard wood floors. I had to hold the power switch the entire time I was sweeping , otherwise it wouldn't stay running. I thought with the name Dyson it would be much better, I was very disappointed in the sweeper. "
"217" "I LOVE this vacuum, but can't recommend it. The battery failed after just 6 months and Dyson charges approx. $80 dollars to ship out a replacement. I did everything I was supposed to do - stored it correctly and cleaned the filter regularly. Seems like a big rip off. "
"218" "I have an older model, full-size Dyson, and this feels just as powerful. Carpet attachment is great. Battery life is pretty short when using \"max\" setting, not quite enough time to cover my whole apartment. Standard setting is probably just as effective for most jobs and provides plenty of power time to cover bedrooms, living room rug, hard-wood floors, baseboards and get all the little nooks and crannies. Love the power, simple design and easy storage. The brush attachment on the extender is perfect for blinds and baseboards! "
"219" "Ok for our vacation condo because we have a lot of tile floors with low pile area rugs. Does not work well on thicker carpet. Battery life is low and not having replaceable batteries is a problem. Construction is average. Price is to high for what you get. Good things are that it is light, portable and easy to clean. "
"220" "I bought this is new and it wasn¡¯t new it fell apart and when I looked inside I saw that had been glued with some kind of heat or glue terrible terrible "
"221" "I can¡¯t get over how much I love this vacuum lol I¡¯m genuinely so excited to clean it¡¯s so much fun to use and is a great machine. Works wonderfully. I know people have written reviews about not liking the trigger (you have to hold it down the entire time of use), but I actually think it¡¯s great. It helps preserve battery when I¡¯m moving from room to room and it¡¯s so simple to use. Quick charge, too! My only regret is not purchasing sooner! "
"222" "This is the second Dyson Cordless Stick Vacuum that I have bought. I got a more expensive one earlier, but this one is just as good, but it doesn't have the motorized carpet head. Pros: The easy empty bin, the design of the floor brush, quick charge (Comapred to my old hand vac). Cons: Don't have any. "
"223" "I purchased this to replace my 13 year old vacuum and I am in love. It works fantastic and arrived earlier than expected. It's lightweight and I am able to clean our 1500 sq. ft. home on one charge. We have all hard word floors and large area rugs in each room. This includes being able to do the baseboards and furniture as well. Great investment. "
"224" "I love this vacuum. I use to have an upright with the hose attachment and I thought it was great, but once I tried my daughters while visiting her, I came home and ordered my own Dyson. Not having a cord to bother with and being able to get around corners so easily, has made vacuuming a breeze. "
"225" "Couldn't love this vacuum more. I have 2 Newfoundlands and there is hair everywhere ALL the time. This vacuum never lets me down. I am amazed by the suction and I never even have to use the high speed. The charge lasts for several says of vacuuming. I have tile everywhere except one carpeted room. The carpet attachment works great for my low pile carpet. I don't know how it would do on a thicker rug. "
"226" "First let me say it picks up sooo well, but the suction is so good I have a hard time maneuvering it. So If your young or have great upper body strength, it will be great. Not for elderly or have a bad shoulder. "
"227" "Purposely chose this version because it was more powerful & longer battery life than the V6 but the most quiet between models V6-V10 looking at online reviews. Also more affordable than the higher models. Very very handy for around the house and in the car. "
"228" "Yes, the battery cuts out after about 15 minutes but this is so light and easy to use I don't even care. Best if you have hard floors or low pile carpet; it can do a higher pile but it's a bit of a struggle. I can get around my 1200 sq ft house on one charge no problem. The wall mount is just the best thing EVER. "
"229" "I love this vacuum so much. I live in a studio apartment with hardwood floors and a cat...need I say more? Litter was everywhere all the time. This thing sucks up litter and hair with ease and I don't feel like I have to worry about the vacuum clogging up or breaking because the emptying process is so easy. I love how easy it is to maneuver. I actually look forward to vacuuming now! CAN'T say enough good things!! "
"230" "I can't say enough about how much I LOVE this vacuum. I have a small house so it works great for my everyday needs and the charge last well long enough. I have a golden retriever so I have to clean more often. I had two friends try it out and they both bought one the next day! It's light and picks up great! "
"231" "I paid a lot of money for this and it stopped working a few weeks ago. I bought this is In Nov. 2018 and it's now May 2019. There is no phone number to contact anyone and the manufacture does not honor anything or try to help you fix it without you paying for the repairs. I already paid over $200 for this! Buyer beware, this product broke in 6 months and no longer charges!! so it's useless! "
"232" "An amazing vacuum cleaner... it¡¯s truly life saver and time saver. Lightweight and super easy to use any surface. I am so happy to have it. If there is 10stars, I would love to give it but there is anlat 5stars max and it¡¯s truly worth it... "
"233" "I recently moved from a home with majority carpeted floors to an all hardwood floor house. We have two dogs and I needed something for the hair, dirt, everything in between. I read reviews and I was excited for my vacuum to come. It was delivered the next day and I have never been so impressed with the outcome! So easy to use, easy to store, and it PICKS EVERYTHING UP (hardwood floors and rugs)! I saw a lot of comments about the battery not lasting, but I have a 1200 sq.ft. home and I¡¯m able to vacuum every room with plenty of battery to give. I would definitely recommend this to anyone!! "
"234" "This V7 was flawed. Sadly it is the 2nd V7 I have owned. They both ran for only 3 minutes then died. Will never buy another one. Friends have had similar problems and now suggest a Shark. "
"235" "Cat hair has met it's match. It's so light and easy to use too. My V7 with it's brush tool is often used for dusting, even my plants come clean. Floors and rugs are looking good because of not dreading of getting the V7 out like the old upright.Battery life is ok , longer would be better. It will last all through the kitchen and living room with no problem, bed rooms should be done on another charge. "
"236" "You get what you pay for and this Dyson delivers. Very happy with its suction power, light weight, and ease of emptying. It really does a great job on picking up pet hair. We have 2 Weimaraners and this Dyson keeps our house hair free. "
"237" "Best product I bought on Black Friday! It makes my life easier to clean the floor with so much pet hair (I have a dog and cat , both shed). I can quickly clean the apartment . I is easy to grab and go and being cordless is life changing. I really enjoy it! "
"238" "This is the second Dyson stick vac I own. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it! These have totally changed the way I feel about vacuuming! I do it everyday now and my stairs have never been cleaner. Anyone who has carpeted stairs and pets know what a pain they are to clean, this make it a breeze! "
"239" "The vacuum does a good job on our wood floors in standard power. I use and power for our throw rugs. If I use and power exclusively, I will run out of power in about 20 minutes. On standard power I have vacuumed our entire house without losing power. "
"240" "Dyson fixed the filter!! The older model would have hair & lint stuck in the filter system preventing complete emptying of debris compartment. Now the central filter slides up when emptying resolving the problem. Love this stick vacuum even more. Excellent product. "
"241" "Love this. Now I'm vacuuming all the time. It's so accessible. It's lightweight. It hangs on the wall. The suction is as expected. Changing accessories is simple. Definitely happy with this purchase. "
"242" "If only the battery life was longer, this would be the perfect vacuum, especially for wood floors. It's lightweight and easily stored. The color is awesome and this vac gets things done. Just wish it lasted a little longer..... "
"243" "We've had the Dyson V7 for about a month. We had used one earlier at my daughter's and liked it. It works even better than we expected. It's convenient having no cord. We have a townhouse and the battery charge has never run out. (I can't say how it would be in a large house.) The pickup is great. We have a pet rabbit so there's always hair on the carpet. The dirt bin holds more than I expected and is easy to empty. We've been through so many other vacuums in the past. It's nice to find one that really works. "
"244" "I love this vacuum and it's very easy to use. Although, battery life has been very short and I dont even vacuum my small duplex all at once because the battery dies so quickly. The material in my opinion seems to be pretty cheap, but I think if it's taken care of it will be fine. Overall, good product. "
"245" "No where on Amazon does it say \"3.5 hours of charging for only 20 minutes of actual use\". These batteries are total garbage for a name brand. Makita batteries last 1 hour. These ones aren't even interchangeable. You HAVE to wait another 3.5 hours of charging before you can continue. There is no convenience here. Might as well keep your corded vaccuum or buy a different brand with a replaceable battery. "
"246" "Bought this as a gift for my sister. It¡¯s easy for her to use in her flat. She¡¯s able to use it to clean her whole flat without it running out of battery. The vacuum cleaner itself is very powerful and picks up the smallest of things from the floor. Works great on carpets as well. It is super light weight so it¡¯s easy to move around the house as well. Very convenient. "
"247" "Amazing machine! This is my first review for Amazon. I had to let you know how great this Dyson Stick Vacuum is. I've bought many vacuums in the past, all disappointing, as to pet hair especially. This stick is a stick, I know, but it's light and very very powerful. Must be emptied often in my house, but it doesn't clog and the roller doesn't get tangled. It cleans deeply and quickly. Actually the limited recharged battery life is good as it paces me in my work. I only do one floor at a time! "
"248" "Great vacuum. Light, very maneuverable, and the bin is large enough for the time the battery runs.Battery needs to last longer. Can do only half the house on a charge, maybe less, 1600 sqft., although I have not looked into a larger battery pack.Would be nice for the attachments to mount on the vacuum instead of the charger.Over all, much better and easier to deal with than a typical upright vacuum. "
"249" "Love this!!! Tons of attachments that make cleaning hard to reach spots easy. Good suction. Light and easy to put together or take apart. The floor attachment had a ice swivel so you can move in any direction. The container held the dirt from the entire house (2 carpeted rooms) and the rest hardwood floors and bathrooms. Charge last long enough to do the entire house. It¡¯s simple to empty and clean. It¡¯s packaged very nicely and comes with warranty. "
"250" "I've never had a Dyson before, but so glad I finally purchased one. It makes vacuuming anything in the house so easy and pulls up more dirt and hair than I've ever seen in a vacuum before. It's incredibly portable and lightweight, in addition to being cordless. So it is easy to pull out and use at any time - when I see hair on the floor, cobwebs in the light fixtures, dirt on the stairs, or crumbs on the carpet. The quick conversion to a hand vacuum is great and all the attachments easily assemble with a simple snap in place. "
"251" "With two cats this this Dyson is easy to use and no cord to manage, quick clean-ups on chairs and sofa, collecting all the hair in a easy to dump out container. "
"252" "Dyson Battery charger stopped working after 1 week. Other than that the thing works great. But what good is it if you can't charge a cordless unit. I tested the unit, the battery, the trigger and the charger with a multimeter and it is the charger that is faulty. As well I found videos online validating my findings.A replacement charger is $40!! "
"253" "They seem expensive and they are, but well worth it. Sucks up all the crap I don¡¯t want to sweep....which now with this is damn near everything. "
"254" "Supper easy to use. Even cleaning out the bin is simple once following the directions. I had my 12 yo go through all of the directions with me because I wanted to make sure everyone using g it would understand it. He can use it easily and handle every aspect of it. Quite lightweight, nice change from our last vacuum. It also cleans our carpets exceptionally well. "
"255" "I¡¯ve only had this vacuum a week but I¡¯m in love. I wish I would have bought this sooner! It¡¯s incredibly lightweight BUT still packs a punch which I was honestly surpised at! I have only used it to clean area rugs in several rooms, but it works fantastic! I can see why everyone makes a fuss over Dyson vacuums! "
"256" "meh. my regular vacuum has way more suction and capability. Would never pay this amount of money again for this. I'd go with the Hoover or Shark and save money. I used to get just about as much capability from my small vacuum that died. Only reason I gave this a shot. Not again. "
"257" "Where has this been all my dog owners years. Very impressed.. Unfortunately my battery stopped charging after just 1 month and I called Dyson and they sent a New one and their customers service representative was very helpful and Sorry for the inconvenience. \" Don't sweat the small stuff\". "
"258" "I (hesitantly) purchased this about a month ago, and I am glad I did. Being battery operated, it is very hand to have around the house. Because it is so much easier and faster to use than a large corded vacuum, we use it much more often, which means the house is a lot cleaner! It has great suction, is lightweight and has a great battery life. The storage cradle it comes with is also very handy because it automatically charges the vacuum while it is stowed.This is a great buy, I would recommend this to others. "
"259" "unfortunately I ordered twice and had to send back both times. I loved it while it was working but both times after 2 weeks it stopped charging and wouldn't work anymore. When plugged in the charging light comes on for about 60 seconds and then turns off. Amazon was excellent and handled the replacement and returns very well. Unfortunately I will not be giving this a third shot. Do not waste your time! "
"260" "Light, easy to push. NO CORD!!!! Where have you been all my life! Im now a Dyson fan. "
"261" "This is a good product but buyer beware - the battery dies within a few months of use. Be sure to get the warranty if you buy this. I had to haggle with Dyson¡¯s support line in order to get them to send me a new battery. My mom bought one too and she experienced the same issue with the battery dying quickly. "
"262" "I've tried using a lot of others - ErgoRapido, Deik, etc. Compared to the Dyson V7: They all have problems. They are all louder. They all have less battery life. They are all harder to steer.So, rather than spending 1/2 as much on the cheaper ones, and replacing them every year, while complaining about using the other ones, get this one and be satisfied. "
"263" "It's great for quick clean up. i did not want to take out the Dyson cord vacuum for just a quick clean up. The cord vacuum is for a big job, and cordless vacuum is for quick clean up. "
"264" "Works great and it's so pleasant to use. No cords, light weight, great design. Worth every penny. "
"265" "I love Dyson vacuums. They are expensive but really are superior in cleaning. I got this for someone in my family as gift. they sent me a picture after first use of the dirt their old vacuum didn¡¯t pick up. "
"266" "Love this vaccum. My first Dyson. If it lives up to the hype, this would be a great investment. Things to consider - container gets full quicker than you would think and unit can start to feel top heavy. "
"267" "if you need to use for large home I would not recommend as the battery lasts about fifteen minutes on high power with power brush, however for small cleaning it is great not having to use a cord, for that reason I would endorse it. "
"268" "Day 1: my daughter (10) and I are fighting over who gets to use it next! This vacuum is the lightest, most mobile, and provides the best clean we¡¯ve ever owned. I would expect that for the money, and was not disappointed. We have a dog and a cat, picks up hair well. Works great on both carpeting and laminate. Love it! "
"269" "The product itself was under a huge bulk of dust when I first opened the box which is probably because of it's used... It'd be good them to clean it before send it, but fortunately it functions well. "
"270" "This thing is worth EVERY. SINGLE. PENNY. When I first saw it, is so compact and lightweight, that I thought: ¡°It¡¯s gonna break wothin one use... or it will survive, but it¡¯ll have crappy suction.¡± Boy was I wrong!!! This vacuum is amazing. Don¡¯t know how I managed without it. "
"271" "I¡¯m sure this product would be great if it worked. It worked for about a month then it wouldn¡¯t charge. I could not return it because it was past the date. Tried to call customer service and explained the problem but the customer service person said I needed to call back when I was near the unit. Just so frustrating! "
"272" "Warning, do not buy. If you do, it'll make you want to vacuum more. Much more.Seriously, the most comfortable vacuum cleaner I've ever owned. I've just finished doing the whole upstairs of the house, and it was glorious. "
"273" "This is the lightest and most powerful vaccum (for its size and purpose) I've ever owned! by far, worth every penny! I highly suggest that you invest in one. Ive almost vaccumed my whole house, in less than 15 mins cause of this little guy. I have 2 dogs (French bulldog and a pit) and it sucks up all their fur. Ideal and great if you have pets. "
"274" "I was very excited to receive the Dyson V7 that I put it together and used it right away. It worked in every way I expected until I wanted to use it a second time. The charging adapter did not fit snug to the Dyson, and it would not charge.After spending an hour on the phone with Dyson support, I concluded I should not have to have replacement parts on something I had just taken out of the box. I returned and I hope to find another one that works, "
"275" "It sucks! But this is what you want a vacuum to do. We had the great grand father of the V7, the DC16, for about 10 years, and it still runs, after we bought a new battery for it a few years ago.The V7 is a huge improvement: it sucks much stronger, is quieter, runs much longer.If seems to be built like the other Dyson products we got: like a tank. "
"276" "This is my 2nd Dyson product (first was a big full size vacuum). Really like it great handeling, easy to use, my only complaint is if it¡¯s left on the high suction setting the battery life drops from abt 30 minutes of use time to half that and i have way too much area to cover and that¡¯s not long enough. Don¡¯t get me wrong suction is still good on lower level but Who doesn¡¯t want more suction am I right (lol) if I had to chose again I may have spent the extra money for the v8 or v10 version "
"277" "Need something easier to use as carrying our huge canister vacuum upstairs can be a hassle. I hope the reviews will help. Just need access to a vacuum that will get the job done easier and faster. "
"278" "Brought this in September and it held a charge for maybe 15 minutes at a time and now is completely dead. Will not charge. Very disappointed "
"279" "When i took it off the first long charge it lasted somewhere around 15minutes. I live in a condo so i can look past extensive battery life and didnt want to ship it back so i dealt with it. Now its pulse powering on and off when i try to use it. Super irritated nothing is made to work the way it should including this glorified broomstick. "
"280" "The only reason I marked this down we because of its battery life. However, it did last EXACTLY 35 minutes. Let me tell you there was not 1 extra second of battery left. Cleans perfectly too! "
"281" "I love this vacuum. It has great suction. The battery only lasts 30 min. but you can get a lot done in 30. I love it because it doesn¡¯t hurt my back, light weight and no pushing or struggling with it! Does great with dog hair and fine dirt. "
"282" "This is a very powerful stick vacuum, but it only last about 10 minutes if you are using the higher strength (power). Dyson has improved it dumping system quite a bit, but you had better vacuum quickly or it will need charged again! "
"283" "Works amazingly. Battery charges fast. Battery doesn¡¯t last too long but long enough to get the job done. "
"284" "Broke after 2 months, won¡¯t charge. DO NOT RECOMMEND.Super convenient, easy to use. "
"285" "Do yourself a favor and make this investment. It is so quick and easy to use. Tons of suction power. I have to use the lower setting on my linoleum because it has so much power it clings to the rug. A little stiff to maneuver until you get used to it. Super easy to empty. I use it 2-3 times easy every day around my kitchen, hallway and entrance. "
"286" "I loved the weight and have chronic pain and hoped it would be a God send for house cleaning but it won¡¯t hold a charge and each charge only last for about 5-10 minutes of vacuuming. "
"287" "I've had it for a couple months now and I love it! It's lightweight, easy to maneuver but most importantly it picks up scattered cat litter in a snap. It also gets all the hair off the furniture and floor very easily. "
"288" "This vacuum is light as a feather and really cleans well. It is so easy to use, I don¡¯t hesitate to get it out often. To empty the container, you just pull up on a lever and empty right into the trash. "
"289" "Chose this vacuum after reading lots of reviews. Needless to say this vacuum hasn't disappointed. I've been using this for a couple months now and it does a great job on both hardwood and carpet.FWIW my apartment is ~1100 sq ft and I can do it all on the max power setting without and battery dying issues.Ive used the attachments for the couch, car, blinds etc and they all work great. Definitely recommend this vacuum. Sucks up the dog hair amazingly. "
"290" "Fantastic product, light and powerful. I bought V6 for my mom and the new V7 for my uncle. They love the convenience of cordless and how much dirt this vacuum cleaner picks up.Highly recommend it.Just clean it often. "
"291" "This is my second Dyson. Great products! The V7 stick is better than description. Easy to put together; lightweight;easy to maneuver and quiet! I'm keeping by canister corded Dyson for really big jobs but this new V7 will be the workhorse! "
"292" "I bought and returned 2 previous careless vaca. Didn't want to spend the money on a Dyson. Finally gave up and I'm so glad. Suction power is like none of the others. Picks everything up easily. "
"293" "So disappointed in this product!!! I was super excited to get this and it was such a waste of money. The two stars are because it¡¯s easy to use. I like that it¡¯s lighter and easy to move around than a regular cord one but it just doesn¡¯t suck up anything. There can be hair or a little dirt or cat litter right in front of it and it just breezes over it or pushes it aside. So sad. "
"294" "Its a very good product but its battery is very bad , uncharges less then 15 min at high speed and with low speed you can use it about 20 -25 min !!!! "
"295" "great product. bought to replace the previous dc-49 that went dead after 2.5 years. the motorhead on the previous one stopped working. i think dyson makes great products, just wish they last longer. "
"296" "This is my first Dyson vacuum cleaner and since I only have one carpeted room, i didn¡¯t want a huge vacuum cleaner any longer. I mounted it to the wall of a closet and I absolutely love it! Well worth the purchase. I do wish the battery lasted longer, but it¡¯s a minor inconvenience to deal with since it¡¯s such a great machine. "
"297" "I have a number of Roombas for general cleaning, but for spot cleaning, there is nothing like the ease of use stick! I have 2 of these (2 homes), and have given a number to others as gifts. "
"298" "Vacuum works ok. The battery last for half of our 1200 squarefoot house. Or about 10 minutes since new. Every couple minutes my hand gets shocked by the battery charging port which has no cover and is locates right where you grip the handle. The wheels are the size of a button on your shirt. Overall. Not happy with this vacuum. "
"299" "I was hesitant to buy this item after reading about a million reviews. My husband told me to just buy it and wha la! Love it. Battery life is great. I use it daily to pick up dog hair on hardwood floors and carpet. "
"300" "The product has been charging but still does not work. Very expensive!! "
"301" "If I could give no stars would be great! Worse vaccum ever!! It barely sucks and operates for 6 minutes thats is ridiculous! What time to clean? Don't buy this its not worth 300 dollars!! "
"302" "The battery doesn't last really long if in the max power suction. But because it's so easy and fun to clean we are doing it more often and never spend lots of time doing it anymore because the place is always clean and dog hair and dust don't accumulate anymore. "
"303" "Got as a Mother¡¯s day gift from my husband, and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!! It gets up everything and my floors have never been cleaner. I love the cordless feature because I can vacuum out our vehicles as well with no hassle. My mom ordered one after using mine when her vacuum died on her. I recommend it to everyone. "
"304" "I love this vacuum, it truly does pick up every piece of dirt! Although I do wish the max mode had a longer battery run time, i do not regret purchasing it! I love the attachments it came with, having a cordless vacuum is life changing! "
"305" "Mounts in garage, with charger on wall, will let you know about battery life. "
"306" "this is my second Dyson vacuum and it never disappoint. the cordless design is brilliant and the suction is good. very good for area rugs and wood floor. even used it once to suck a daddylongleg.... "
"307" "Absolutely love this, gave it all five stars because that¡¯s what it deserves. This product makes my wife¡¯s life way easier, she says it is very quick and does a great job cleaning our hardwood floors, and even our rugs! Definitely recommend this to anyone! "
"308" "We bought this to avoid taking out the big vacuum. So far it is all we use. Works really well for the quick after meal clean ups and cleaning all around the house and car. Good power so far. "
"309" "This is a great vacuum. "
"310" "This is great on hard floors. For carpet, not so much. It works fine on full suction, but that only lasts for a few minutes> I have a dog that sheds and my last vacuum pulled up far more hair.The handle/button is very uncomfortable to use and I find I have to move my thumb to the back of the motor - not the most comfortable position. At the same time, it is extremely light and versatile. "
"311" "I was so pleased to see the price on this was reduced when a newer model came out. I love this vacuum! It's my first Dyson and I can't be happier with the quality and performance. I use it every day to quick-clean up after a Labrador and two cats. "
"312" "Great vacuum. It is so quick and easy to clean the floors, baseboards, furniture, and more. The attachments it comes with are great - I cleaned all of the baseboards for the first time ever yesterday thanks to this vacuum. The docking station works nicely, but you need a bit of space for it, as the vacuum cleaner goes into it at the angle, so it can't be in too tight of a space. Overall, I'm so happy with this vacuum so far. "
"313" "I am considering returning this item bc it will not hold a charge. I¡¯ve kept it on the charger 24hrs and can¡¯t even run it very long. I have friends that have same model but don¡¯t have issues with charging. Can you suggest anything ? Maybe I¡¯m doing something wrong ? "
"314" "There are other more inexpensive options, but this one is great. we have had an upright dyson animal for 6 years and loved it. This cordless version is great for hard surface type floors, So much better than sweeping! "
"315" "I'm in love with this vacuum. I would buy one for all of my favorite people if I could afford it. This makes vacuuming so easy. I have always hated to vacuum because it hurts my back and the cord is never long enough to get around the house and is too long to not be a hassle to hold on to. Now I break it out all the time for a quick clean up or to clean the whole house. The suction is less than that of the corded Dyson (can hold the corded version under the edge of the bed and it will suck up dust from the other side) but I don't mind. The suction is definitely good enough to clean your floors perfectly. "
"316" "wow - i am impressed - very expensive vacuum but a stick vacuum that really works - light weight and powerful - I purchased a different brand for half the price thinking there is little differnece between these stick vacuums but I was wrong - wee worth the money "
"317" "I¡¯m impressed with the suction and how easy it is to clean my floors.It doesn¡¯t stay charged to do everywhere at once but it works great. I recommend it. "
"318" "Super expensive and it stopped working one and a half months after the return window closed. Loved it before it died except for it only lasted five minutes on the max suction setting. Anyone know where to take these for repair? "
"319" "This vacccum is so superb that even my husband has found vacuuming enjoyable. We use it on everything including the couch which gets covered in pet hair. "
"320" "I love my dyson V7 cordless vacuum. I am disappointed that my dyson is not working after 6 months! I called dyson and they will not honor any parts because I bought from a third party. I am extremely disappointed. I wasted almost 250.00 dollars on something that I can no longer use!! "
"321" "Can't believe it! it lasted a whole 2 months, it doesn't keep the charge. Keep putting it on the charging stationblue light on, try it after a couple of hours and it tries to come on but it just goes on and off.. Really disappointing "
"322" "This is very over priced. It doesn¡¯t give a warning for low battery it just shuts down. The energy saver mode is useless, the machine only works when on max setting. Just buy a corded vacuum for half the price. "
"323" "Absolutely best product on the market. It picks up everything that is on the floor with ease. Very easy to empty when full. "
"324" "Short battery life characterizes my experience with this expensive, top-name product. I was expecting up to 1/2 hour on a fully charged battery but am getting more like 8-10 minutes. The motor is also weaker than I would have expected and does not pick up much more than dust.. Given that this is the second chance I have given Dyson and I have been unhappy with both (the other is a full-size vacuum), I am basically done with the brand. Lots of money, very little value. "
"325" "I was first exposed to this product at a friend's house, its so sleek and easy to use and I just happened to be in the market for a new vacuum cleaner. Let me tell you, it was painful pushing the complete order button but oh my gooooooodness it has to be one of the BEST purchases I've made this year. I dont have a problem with the battery life, honestly it lasts me enough to do my whole apartment. I one hundred percent recommend this product! "
"326" "I got this for my daughter as a Christmas gift (at her request) and she loves it. They have 2 dogs, and it works great to pick up the fur. Suction is fine, the light weight makes it easy to use and maneuver. The rotating brush attachment on the hand held vacuum loosened up the fur on the couch and got it totally clean. The regular stick vacuum also worked well on the carpets, and the dirt was easy to dump. I've never known her to get so excited about cleaning! "
"327" "Perfect cleaning, I am from Europe and my challenge was if it is gona work with a plug of 220v and YES it is it can work with any plug from 120-240, using for a week so far very happy "
"328" "This vacuum cleaner is light, I can take it up and down the floor, suction is also great, very easy to use "
"329" "I am so happy about this purchase. I am not sure why I didn¡¯t buy this when it first came out. I have hardwood, carpet and rugs and it works perfectly! "
"330" "I was looking for a cordless upright vac to use in our RV. After a lot of research, I decided on the Dyuson V7. When it arrived, I left it on the counter charging, when my wife saw it and asked \"What's that?\" I explained that I bought it for when I clean the RV and she asked if she could use it in the house? I said that I didn't see why not since it would otherwise just be sitting in the RV unused most of the time.So, she proceeds to start using it, and I am not exaggerating at all when I say that I have NEVER seen anyone get SO excited about ANY home applicance, much less a vacuum! Literally every few minutes she would repeat \"Oh my God, I love this!\"Who knew? After 31+ years of marriage, I had no idea that this was the key to happiness! ;-)We've owned MANY vacuums over the years of all different brands and designs, but this one really hit the home run. Our house is mostly hardwoord floors and tile, and we have 3 large dogs that shed a lot, along with a cat. We also have dozens of those very thin runner rugs to protect the floors, but they also collect a lot of pet hair and dirt. My wife is so excited that she can grab this thing at any time and quickly zip around the house with this light weight, yet very powerful little vac.The power brush does a great job of cleaning the runner rugs without sucking them up into the roller like every other vac does. This alone was a big source of frustration, which is no more.We still have a \"big vac\" (a Shark) for doing periodic more thorough cleaning, but my wife says she is so happy with this Dyson that she'll actually enjoy doing spot-cleaning almost every day (her choice, not mine). I ended-up installing the mounting bracket in the house, but when you do that, you can't remove the charging cord. I solved this problem by just ordering another charging cord for $16, so now we can leave it in the house for \"daily\" use, and take it with us when we go RV'ing.I also have to say that I've very impressed with the overall design. It's clear that it was well thought-out. However, it would be nice if the battery could be easily removed so you could have a spare on hand and just swap them out, but so far it hasn't been a problem running out of power between charges. "
"331" "Quality product. Love that I can charge it and store it out of view. Great suctioning power and not very loud "
"332" "Absolutely LOVE everything about this vacuum!! It's the best thing I've purchased this year...so light and easy to use everywhere ...floors, carpet..it's the BEST! Has great suction and easy to dispose of dirt. You will love this! "
"333" "Never thought that I would enjoy vacuuming but I love it now. This thing makes it so easy, I have not had any issues with battery life, suction power is good as well. I have a 900 Sq ft apt and I have cleaned it three times on a single charge. "
"334" "Do NOT BUY!!! The battery doesn¡¯t hold a charge. You can charge it all night but it will never last more than 10-15 minutes. Amazon will tell you to take the issue to Dyson. They are shilling products that don¡¯t work- that¡¯s why they can offer these discounts "
"335" "Love my Dyson! Works well but I wish the battery life was longer! The mechanism to release the dirt is sometimes a little tricky and requires a few tries to release. "
"336" "Love this model of dyson V7 - now everyone in the house wants to vacuum! Easy to use. Lightweight. It glides across our hard wood floors with ease. We have 2 very fluffy cats that shed & the V7 suction catches a lot of the dust bunnies hiding in corners & hard to reach areas. I also use the hand held to vacuum out the cars. It does a great job. "
"337" "I bought this because of the Dyson name. It is my first and last Dyson vac. This vac does a very poor job of cleaning pet hair from tile and hardwood floors. I also bought the dyson attachment that is shown as \"frequently bought together\" to try to improve performance and it was incompatible with this model. You have to continually depress a trigger to keep it running which is just annoying. The only plus is the canister empties what little hair it does pick up very easily. Battery dies after about 15 minutes. "
"338" "A great machine....Recently moved into a home with all tile and laminate floors. My older vacuum simply \"spead\" the dirt it couldn't pick up and sweeping simply didn't work on the \" fine\" dirt.Waking on the floors barefoot left me with dirton the soles of my feet. One sweep through the house with this machine, picked up everything...no more fine dirt on my soles..... Simply amazing what this machine picked up! "
"339" "This vacuum is worth the hype. We have a mix of tile and hardwoods throughout our first floor and two large dogs. This vacuum works wonders on hard floors even with the amount of shedding and dirt my dogs track in. My husband thought it was an extravagant purchase at first, but now I don¡¯t think we could go back.Not only is it amazing on hard floors, the carpets are great too! "
"340" "There is no denying Dyson performance. We bought this for our 2,500 sq. ft. second home all with wood flooring or stained concrete. we can get the entire home in one battery charge - no problem. Light weight makes it easier to go upstairs. Great product! "
"341" "Great suction. Battery doesnt last long though on the high setting. If the price is right definitely pick one of the bad boys up! "
"342" "The best investment! Yes it is pricy, however it is amazing. We use it every day in our house now. No long dread sweeping the floors. We have hardwood floors, and this Dyson works great on them! The charging dock is also super convenient. It is simple to break down the vacuum smaller to be used on our stairs. This vacuum was clearly designed with efficiency in mind! "
"343" "Love the light weight and cordless however i didn't read entirely apparently to see the battery on this little pricey gem only lasts 20 minutes! "
"344" "IT IS SECOND TIME I BOUGHT DYSON. ONLY THING I WORRY ABOUT HOW TO CLEAN BASKET DUE TO BUILT-IN. IT IS NOT DETACHABLE FROM MOTOR . AFTER SEVERAL TIME USE , I WANT TO WASH IT LIKE PREVIOUS VERSION. "
"345" "Dyson rocks !!!! This unit is powerful and well made. We shopped cheaper....but none is better ! With attachments this is a fast tool that does it all and is great on carpeted stairs. I'd give it a 5 star if the charge was a little longer but 40 minutes is enough time to get it done usually . "
"346" "Very well made. Light weight. Easy to use. Just awkward trying to make it stand up, its top heavy. Only wish the battery would charge for a longer period of time. "
"347" "This was the best thing I bought in 2018. We have stairs and the head just make it so darn easy to clean stairs. We only have tile floors with small carpets here and there. Battery lasts the entire house clean, as long as you don't use max.It is also light enough so my then pregnant wife could use it with ease. Not sure how it would be without the HEPA filter, but with it I get no allergies. "
"348" "Love this, only problem is that the battery dies quickly when it's on max suction. Everything else works great, best vacuum that I've owned thus far! Easy to clean, doesn't get clogged. "
"349" "I haven't had experience with these vacuums. I like the cleaning, it seems to be getting up a lot of dirt that a conventional misses. My concern is the all plastic construction from the swivel head to the latches to open the dust canister. I am afraid that it won't last long. I will write again in a couple of months. Before you buy check out the these areas I can say that I really like the quick changing heads. "
"350" "the battery on the dyson v7 only last 30 minutes this is not long enough for me to clean properly, I returned the dyson v7 . "
"351" "Purchase this as a Christmas present for parents who saw our Dyson vacuum. We all loved this product, it's so much easier than dragging and lugging around the old vacuum cleaner. We where surprise how much dust it collected vs the old vacuum!! Very powerful! Love how it's so easy to change handles. It's only been a couple months so let's see how long this product will live up! Great shipping and got here on time for the holidays! "
"352" "I love this Vacuum so much I have all hardwood floors and it is exactly what I needed. Something to just grab clean up a mess so that I don¡¯t have to break out a whole broom and dust pan all of the time it is amazing and I love it "
"353" "I am returning this sweeper. It did not even hold a 10 minute charge using high on my first charge. I hate this because my first sweeper was really great (a v4). Not sure if I am going to ask for a new one "
"354" "I have a nice kirby vacuum but the house we are living in is 3 stories and it was too much to drag up and down stairs. Lightweight and easy to use and install discreetly in a closet. The only negative is the battery life, but it¡¯s clear in the description that it lasts about 30 min. "
"355" "Pretty good. Light. Great for quick cleans. Good for old people. We use it a lot, much more than our central vacuum. "
"356" "Perfect for our 2 story apartment. The battery lasts the perfect amount to get all of the floor on one charge. It's so quiet I never feel like I'm disturbing my neighbor's no matter the time I use it. "
"357" "Love it, my wife does not have to ask me to vacuum, it is so easy, I do it as part of my normal routine. It is super powerful. Sometimes it is too strong, and draws rug into vacuum. "
"358" "I love this vacuum!! I love being able to go room to room without switching outlets. Cleaning it is easy too. I recommend it to everyone I know "
"359" "Not worth the convenience "
"360" "I would have given 5 stars as it sucks up dirt you never knew existed, but it is getting 4 because it was quite heavy ( d top part is bulkier than the picture makes it look) and tiring to use. "
"361" "So perfect!! We have a baby that makes a lot of mess so this is perfect for us. We never have time to clean the whole house at once so much more spot cleaning. I can vacuum every night to ensure he doesn't put something in his mouth he shouldn't. "
"362" "My vacuum stopped working within 4 months and I had to call fusion directly and was told it was the battery and I had to purchase a new one. The battery is not covered under warranty so buyer beware. Co as approx $100. Very disappointed with Dyson "
"363" "Love it!! I use it everyday, wherever the cat has been sleeping, around the litter box and under the bird cage. My granddaughter¡¯s birds and they are messy! "
"364" "No longer charges after light use; emails to company help has gone unanswered. Essentially, we purchased an expensive piece of plastic and have received terrible service. "
"365" "I've never been excited and pleased by a vacuum cleaner I've owned, Now, I am. "
"366" "At first it worked fine but I¡¯ve only had this vacuum for 5 months . It only works for 1 whole minute before needing recharged. "
"367" "This vacuum is great as an extra vacuum. It will not deep clean as well as a fulls sized upright. I use this in conjunction with the Roomba and my house stays quite clean. Battery is about 20-25 minutes on the regular setting. You must wash the filters religiously every 3-4 weeks or it will loose all its suction power. The low profile design is great, it can clean under your couches and beds. "
"368" "Nice machine, but short time battery power "
"369" "We have a German shepherd and her hair is everywhere. Best vacuum ever. we are not worry about her hair anymore.Easy to operate. it is light and easy to operate. "
"370" "Maybe lasts 15 min on full power. Works well and super light. Wait for black Friday online and it's way cheaper "
"371" "one of the best things i ever bought.. i use it mostly to clean out pcs instead of using canned air, although its good for spot cleaning around my office too . "
"372" "I¡¯m a Dyson addict, and this little vacuum is great. The price is high but worth it. I barely use my upright anymore. This is so much faster and easier. "
"373" "Looks great - so light and easy to use, with easy emptying. Can do quick top ups all the time. Battery life isn¡¯t amazing, I get 5-7 mins on normal range. For anything larger than a small apartment, I wouldn¡¯t recommend as the primary vacuum "
"374" "We¡¯ve had this vacuum for only 2 months and it quit working. It won¡¯t hold batter at all. Very upset. "
"375" "Fantastic. Buy it. You can vacuum under furniture so easily. I vacuum more often, it takes half the time without the cord and hauling a big thing around. House is so much cleaner and it feels like I'm doing less. Buy it, it's worth the price. "
"376" "It doesn¡¯t matter how nice the vacuum looks, how durable it may or may not be, or the quality of the material<U+2014> the battery life is so terrible you will never get a chance to test the rest. Biggest disappointment, let¡¯s hope the return process is not a bigger nightmare. "
"377" "They have improved this vacuum so that now it is much easier to empty. I highly recommend this for daily light vacuuming of crumbs, hairs, and stuff the dog imports on her coat! "
"378" "We love our Shark, but it can't compete with the cordless Dyson. We get about 40 minutes out of a charge which is enough to do about half the house at a time. "
"379" "So excited with my new Dyson stick. Wonder why I waited so long. Convenient, lightweight and easily maneuverable.....Just Lovin It !!!!!! "
"380" "Best vacuum our there. This one I bought for my daughter as I have one and am so impressed wanted to share. Hope it never stops working!! Will buy another one when needed. Dyson is the best. "
"381" "Easy to use on all types of floors, quieter than the full size vacuum. Bought one for the in-laws who love theirs! "
"382" "Really love this. Works great for everyday cleaning. Only drawbacks are doesn¡¯t get deep down dirt from carpet but if used daily then that¡¯s not a problem. Also battery limitations if doing whole house. Battery lasts 6 min on high speed and 20 on low speed. I have dogs and I would buy this again. "
"383" "Works great. Battery life is so so but it¡¯s a given since this is the low end model. Other than that, works great. "
"384" "This is lightweight and works great. I can do my entire house on one charge of regular setting. The power setting hadn't been necessary. "
"385" "Loved it for the few months it worked. Very easy to use. Wish it held up better for the price. "
"386" "Efficient-multi-use and vacuum strong. Convenient-I use it more without hesitation because it provided me the ability to place it in a location for easy access and store ability. One thing, it's not easy to roll on rug but still has great vacuum. "
"387" "I love this vacuum, it is lightweight and has great suction. I can do my entire first floor on one charge. It is easy to use for quick pick ups as well as regular cleaning. "
"388" "I love my vacuum :) "
"389" "Dyson has always been my to go to brand for vacuums. But this one wins the cake.Very light, and really sucks up the dirt.If you have a dog this is the vaccuum for you.It picks up hair like a charm "
"390" "short battery life, only works good on high , does not pick up on the back stroke. otherwise it's handy to grab and use on small jobs, but i already had one of those, it is a Black and Decker dust buster "
"391" "Just perfect for hardwood floors. The only thing that I didn't like is... you have to hold in there button the whole time. Other than that. It's Awesome. "
"392" "Please do not buy this vacuum cleaner , it only worked for 6 months and I tried to returned they deduct $ 50.00 from the original price even after I purchase protection and the protection didn't do anything for me. "
"393" "I called Amazon and am happy to report they will reimburse me the difference. I love the vacuum itself. Lightweight and so easy to maneuver. My first Dyson vac so let's see how it performs long term! "
"394" "By far the best vacuum we have owned. Looking back I wish we had one with a longer battery life because after vacuuming our couches and living room rug it needs to be recharged (we have a lot of dog hair). This is our second Dyson and I don¡¯t plan on owning any other brand. "
"395" "Best Vacuum Ever ! If you have indoor pets, this Dyson, is your new best friend !! Don¡¯t know what I did without it !! "
"396" "It is very useful for every day cleaning ... light weight, flexible ... we have two at home, one upstairs and one downstairs "
"397" "Suction power is awesome and it is very easy to use! I have 2 mane coon cats with long hair and this sucks it all up "
"398" "Used 5 times only and already stopped working. Purchased less than 60 days ago. Called help desk 3 hours ago and no return call yet. Even the times I used it suction was good but battery only lasted about 15 minutes not 30 as advertised "
"399" "Bought mine last week and now the price has reduced lower by $20. Bit disappointed.Overall it is good product "
"400" "I have a 2 bedroom 1200 square foot bungalow which is 80% carpeted. This vacuum has no problem doing the whole house. The charger storage hanger is very convenient and the vacuum is ready, charged and very convenient to clean up a spill. I am really enjoying owning this vacuum. "
